Today I am going to bake a Lemon Pound Cake . 
I look at the recipe gather all of the ingredients I will need and put them on the counter . 
I get out one lemon cake mix , one instant lemon pudding , four eggs , a one cup measuring cup that I fill with water , and 1\/3 cup measuring cup that I fill with vegetable oil . 
I turn on my oven to 350 in order for it to preheat while I am preparing the batter . 
I get out my bunt pan and spray it with cooking oil . 
I put my mixer on the counter and plug it up . 
I remove my mixing bowl and add each of my ingredients to the mixer ' s bowl except the eggs . 
I put the bowl back on the mixer stand and start mixing the ingredients at slow speed . 
After a minute I add the eggs to the mixture one at a time and let it continue mixing for another two minutes . 
Then I pour my cake batter into the bunt pan and put it in the oven for an hour . 
After an hour I take it out . 
I place a plate on top of my bunt pan and then turn it upside down so that the cake is now on the plate . 
I let the cake sit for two hours . 
Now I ' m going to put lemon icing on it that I bought from the store already prepared . 
I get a spatula and open the icing . 
I use the spatula to spread the icing evenly all over the cake . 
Now it is ready to eat . 
My girlfriend 's birthday was coming up and instead of my usual buying a cake from the grocery store every year , I thought I would unleash my inner Paula Dean and bake her a cake . 
I went to the store and bought an easy yellow cake mix , some eggs , butter and icing . 
I decided to do it this way because when it comes to me and cooking I am not the best so easy was the way to go . 
I went home and got out a mixing bowl and added the cake box mix , two eggs , a stick of butter and a cup of water . 
I mixed it up and then poured the batter into a large baking pan and licked the beaters . 
I baked it at 350 for 15 minutes and it came out a perfect golden brown . 
After letting it cool for a bit I put on the chocolate icing that I bought and needless to say the cake was a huge hit and she was very impressed with my baking skills . 
When I looked out of my window into my back garden I decided I needed a tree to help provide some shade for my dogs while they are outside as it can get very hot where I live . 
I thought carefully about the type of tree I wanted to grow , I needed something with lots of leaves that would grow quite fast as I could n't afford to buy a tree that was already grown . 
I did some research on the internet and decided that I would like a Japanese Maple tree with red leaves . 
I drove to the garden center and made my way to the tree section , where there were lots of lovely small Japanese Maples for sale already growing in pots . 
I found someone who worked there to advise me on the best way to plant the tree and how to care for it . 
After I had paid for it and chosen some special compost for trees , they helped me load the car and I drove home to plant it . 
I selected a good spot in the garden where it would have room to spread out and went into the garage to get my spade . 
I dug a hole wide and deep enough for the entire pot to fit into , and I laid the pot on it 's side , gently tugging on the tree to remove it from the pot . 
Once it was free , I shook the roots a little to free them up and planted the tree in the hole I had dug . 
Then I packed the sides of the roots with the compost , making sure the trunk stayed vertical as I was doing this . 
When I had finished I watered the new tree really well , making a puddle around the base of the trunk with my garden hose . 
Then it was time to sit back and imagine in a few years I would have a big leafy red maple providing lots of shade and color . 
After boarding my plane and placing the luggage in the luggage compartment overhead , I took my seat in my coach section of the airplane . 
I luckily had the window seat , meaning I had slightly more room than the two strangers next to me on my right . 
I was able to fold back my seat a little bit to allow for myself to rest my head and back from a rather long drive . 
I pulled out my book and started reading as the plane took off . 
About ten minutes into the flight , I decided taking a little nap would be appropriate and helpful during the five-hour-long flight . 
I fell asleep for about an hour and continued to read my book . 
After my eyes got tired of reading , I pulled on the headphones and watching the movie being shown in front of all the passengers . 
The movie ended moments before we started landing , where I would then grab my belongings and head off the plane . 
Once a week I go to the grocery store to do some food shopping . 
Before I left the house my wife gave me a list of things that we needed . 
I grabbed my shopping cart and the list and started walking to the supermarket that was 2 blocks away . 
When I got there I walked up and down the aisles looking for the items that were on the list . 
As I found each item , I placed them into my shopping cart and crossed them off the list . 
When I finally found everything we needed I made my way towards the check out line to pay for the food . 
I found a cashier that did n't have anyone on her line and I made my way towards her . 
I gave her each item one at a time and watched her scan and place them into bags for me . 
After she was finished she told me the total amount and I gave her the money to cover the cost . 
She gave me my change and receipt then thanked me for shopping . 
Last Saturday I decided to go grocery shopping . 
We seemed to be out of a number of things in our house that we needed to cook with , so I sat down a made a list of items . 
It seemed to be really large , so I knew I would be gone for a while . 
I drove to the grocery store that I like the best , and parked my car . 
I got a large shopping cart instead of the smaller one , since I knew I had a lot of items to purchase . 
Very slowly , I went up and down each row in the grocery store . 
I checked my list on each row , and got the items that I needed . 
I made sure to cross the item off when I put it in my cart , so I knew that I did n't forget anything . 
Along the way , I saw some items that were on sale , and decided to purchase those as well , knowing we would use them . 
I bought the cold and frozen items last , so they would still be cold by the time I got home . 
When I had crossed off everything on my list , I went to the front of the store . 
I found an open cash register lane , and put my items on the conveyor belt . 
The cashier was very friendly and said hello . 
She began scanning each of my items , and even had to weigh some of them . 
A nice man was putting my groceries into bags for me , and putting them in my cart as he filled the bags . 
When they were done , I paid the cashier the amount due , and she gave me my change , which I put in my purse . 
The bagger walked with me out to my car and helped me put the groceries in the trunk of my car . 
I said thank you to him , and then drove home . 
When I got there , it took a while to bring all of the bags inside , but my children helped me . 
We all had fun putting the groceries away , and were glad the shelves were filled with what we needed again . 
Last week I flew on an airplane to visit my aunt . 
First I made sure I packed everything I would need in my suitcase and had a friend drive me to the airport . 
I checked in at the airline desk and gave them my suitcase to load onto the plane . 
Next it was time to go through the security checkpoint and head to the terminal so I could get onto the airplane . 
There were no problems with security , so I headed to the terminal to wait for my flight to start letting people get on the plane . 
On the way I bought a magazine so I would have something to read . 
Once I found a seat in the terminal , I sat back and started to look through my magazine . 
After about 20 minutes the plane started loading . 
I got in line , showed my ticket and headed down the walkway into the plane . 
When I found my seat , I was happy to see it was by a window so I could look out as we went . 
It took about 15 minutes to get everyone settled in , then it was time to go . 
The flight attendant told us where the exits were , then we buckled our seatbelts and the plane started moving . 
The captain announced that the weather was good and we should have a great flight . 
Then he brought the engines up to full and we headed down the runway and lifted off into the sky . 
Once we could take our seatbelts off , I got a soda from the flight attendant and got my magazine out . 
Between reading and looking out the window at the clouds below us the flight went quickly . 
I did n't even finish reading before it was time to put our seatbelts back on and land . 
We all got off the plane and headed to the baggage claim area to get our suitcases . 
Mine came out pretty early , so I grabbed it and headed out of the airport . 
It was a great flight and I had a good time visiting my aunt . 
For my sons birthday we decided to cut costs in order to splurge on more expensive electronic gifts by doing as many diy projects as possible including what most would consider the easiest task baking the cake . 
He had his heart set on a carrot cake this year , this would be my first carrot cake attempt ca n't be too hard can it ? 
First off finding the right recipie is not the 5 minute take I thought I was tackling . 
Nuts , no nuts , raisin , gluten free , pureed or shredded carrots were just some of the decisions I was faced with . 
We chose to go all out , homeade icing and all . 
-LRB- I did not churn the cream cheese -RRB- After selecting my recipie I headed to the store to get my list of ingredients I did not have on hand spending a total of $ 7.00 , not to shabby ! 
Once home I got to work on a test cake . 
After measuring ingredients , shredding carrots , soaking raisins , chopping nuts and zesting lemons I began mixing the batter . 
Nothing to hard there into the 2 round greased and floured pans I poured the unlattering colored goop . 
With orange stained hands I started on the frosting . 
A word advise remember to take out the cream cheese from the fridge and never microwave , this tip is from experience , not a mistake I 'm willing to share with most . 
The house smelled of a delicious fall afternoon the cinnamon bringing all the kids out of the depths of their video games drooling . 
After letting the cakes cool for a hour or more I returned to assemble and frost the finger poked cake . 
-LRB- sneaky kids -RRB- I 'm no cake boss so the finish product is best pictured entering the mouths of preteens but the reviews recieved two vertical thumbs from the birthday boy . 
A year ago I had to go visit my relatives who lives in England . 
Of course this meant the only viable method of travel would be to fly on an airplane . 
I 've never flown on an airplane before so I was n't sure what the process involved . 
I decided to go online and do some research about what I would need to do . 
I found out it was actually a lot easier than I anticipated . 
I was able to buy my ticket online , and when the day of the flight came I had my friend drop me off at the airport . 
I got in the security line which was very annoying and took a long time to get through . 
Finally I got to the terminal and was able to board the plane . 
I got on and stowed my luggage and took my seat . 
When the plane took off I tried to fall asleep to pass the time , but I was too excited . 
Luckily I had a safe flight and was able to arrive in England with no problems . 
I flew on an airplane about 2 months ago . 
I was going from Chicago to Los Angeles . 
It was a very early flight . 
My brother was able to drop me off at the airport . 
I had already checked in online the night before and had no bags to check , so I walked straight to the security line . 
Once TSA checked my ID and boarding pass , I stood in line for about 10 minutes while I waited for my bags\/body to be scanned . 
Once through security , I checked the monitors to see that my flight was on time and that there was not a last minute gate change . 
I then walked to the gate and boarded the plane about 10 minutes later . 
The flight attendants went over the safety procedures , the captain gave his greetings , and we were on our way . 
The flight was very smooth and quiet . 
The time flew by , as I slept most of the way . 
We landed on time . 
The plane then taxied to the gate and everyone exited the plane . 
Another successful flight . 
This past weekend I rode a public bus . 
I was in a busy city and needed to get to a tour bus . 
After getting of the train system I was directed to the city bus . 
I noticed a section of the block where a lot of people were standing around and the bus would stop in this area to put up passengers . 
There was but after bus after bus and you had to move fast . 
I was told that number 77 was my bus . 
So when I saw it pull up I had to push through the crowd so that I could board my bus . 
I was able to get on and the bus captain came over to me after a minute or so and collected my fair . 
As I sat back to relaxed I noticed that the bus driver was driving the bus with wild abandon . 
He was flying through the street and than squealing the brakes as he tried to keep control of the vehicle . 
I just knew we were all going to die . 
I was trying to get my friends attention but she was turned around and deep in a conversation . 
This was a nerve racking situation not only because of his driving but I did n't really know my stop so I was tried to calm my heart as we nearly missed car after car and look our the window to determine where the tour bus company was located . 
It finally worked out because a few of the passengers was going to same place and directed me to get off at the right location . 
They were so nice and I was able to speak with a few of them . 
So , I guess I can say it was n't all bad because I made a friend or two with some of the passengers and I made it to my tour bus location in plenty of time for my trip home . 
Last Saturday , I decided to visit a friend in the hospital . 
I own a car , but it 's been acting up lately , so I needed to take the bus . 
I set out from my apartment with a spring in my step , because it was an amazing day . 
I walked through my apartment complex 's parking lot to reach the bus stop , where I waited for the bus around 5 minutes . 
When it came to a stop in front of me , I boarded and put a $ 1 bill and 2 quarters in the fare machine . 
I selected a seat near the entrance , because it has more space and fewer people . 
Riding the bus often gives me motion sickness , so I closed my eyes and tried to ignore the swaying motion as it rolled down the street . 
Behind me , two college students were eagerly discussing a class project . 
In the very back , a small child was loudly pretending to be a dinosaur . 
I was glad when I finally reached my destination . 
I pulled the cord signaling that I would need the bus to stop next to the hospital , and got up to exit out the bus 's side door . 
Fresh air never smelled so good ! 
I was getting ready to go out and needed to get cleaned before I went so I decided to take a bath . 
I filled the bathtub with warm water and added some bubble bath . 
I got undressed and stepped into the water . 
I grabbed the soap and rubbed it on my body and rinsed the soap off in the water . 
Then I laid down in the bathtub to get my hair wet the put some shampoo on my hair . 
It was a fruity smelling shampoo and smelled really nice . 
Then I rubbed my hair to get the shampoo through it . 
Then I laid back down in the tub to rinse the shampoo out of my hair . 
Then I laid in the water for about ten minutes meditating . 
Then I got out of the tub and grabbed a towel and dried off . 
Then I got dressed . 
Last week , I decided to take a nice relaxing bubble bath after a hard day of work . 
After getting done with my chores , I went up stairs into the bedroom to grab some clothes . 
After finding on what I wanted to wear , I went into the bathroom and shut the door . 
I went to the bath tub , and turned on the faucet . 
I messed around with the knobs on the faucet to get some hot water that was perfect temperature . 
After I found the perfect temperature I then plug the drain and then put a small amount of bubble bath into the tub . 
While I am waiting for the water to raise , I take off my clothes and put them into the laundry basket . 
After the water is at an acceptable level , I turn off the faucet completely . 
I then turn some music on , and sit down in the tub and relax for a while . 
I get a washcloth and clean myself up everywhere . 
After I am done I then get up and dry myself off with a towel and drain the water . 
After I am dried I put my new clothes on and clean up the bathroom . 
To go on a train ride to Chicago , I had to have a ticket . 
It is possible to buy tickets online , but it was fun to go to the train station to get them . 
At the train station , I got in line and waited my turn . 
When I got to the window , I told the station agent where I wanted to go , when , and what kind of ticket I wanted . 
She told me how much I had to pay . 
You can pay with cash , but I paid by credit card . 
It is a long trip , so I had to show my identification as well . 
Since I was going in an hour , I waited for the train . 
You can wait in the station , but I waited on the platform . 
The ticket will tell which platform you want . 
The train arrived at the platform in plenty of time for everyone to get on board . 
As I got on , I showed my ticket to the conductor , but kept it . 
Then I found myself a nice seat . 
Usually , young able-bodied people will take the upstairs seats , and leave the downstairs seats for people who want to sit down right away . 
Soon after I took my seat , I heard someone outside call , All aboard ! 
There was a gentle chugging sound as the train slowly got underway . 
The conductor soon came and took my ticket , and fastened up a card with my destination by my seat . 
Now I was free to roam about the train , looking out the windows and watching the countryside fly by . 
Each stop was announced over the P.A. system well in advance , so I knew just when to get off the train . 
When I heard Chicago announced , I went downstairs to wait with the other people who were getting off there . 
We were all standing up , so we hung on tight . 
When the train doors opened , we stepped down carefully onto the platform in Chicago . 
I was looking in the mirror yesterday and noticed that my hair was too long , so I decided to get a haircut . 
I called my regular salon to see if they were busy . 
Luckily , they were not and I was told to come right in . 
I drove to the salon and checked in with the receptionist at the front desk . 
I was told to take a seat and that someone would be with me shortly . 
I was only seated for a few minutes when the hairdresser said that she was ready for me . 
She led me over to a chair and I sat down . 
We discussed what I wanted to do with my hair , a trim , and then she took me to the shampoo area . 
My hair was washed and conditioned and then I was led back to the hairdresser 's chair . 
She combed my hair out and then cut off the split ends a few small sections at a time . 
I saw little wisps of my hair fall onto the floor . 
When the hairdresser was finished cutting , she took out a blow dryer and dried my hair . 
I looked in the mirror and I was very pleased with my haircut . 
I walked back over to the receptionist and paid for the cut . 
I added about twenty percent as a tip to reward the hairdresser for doing a great job . 
I left the hair salon and drove home . 
Riding my bike through the park , I was enjoying the beautiful spring scenery . 
A family of squirrels caught my attention and I was looking at them when I hit some broken glass . 
My bike 's tire immediately deflated . 
I walked it back to my car , loaded up , and headed for a local department store . 
Sure enough , they had bike tire repair kits in the sporting goods section . 
I bought one , and then headed on home . 
Once there I removed a wheel from the bike . 
From it I took out the inner tube . 
I rubbed some soapy water on it and quickly found the problem spot . 
From my new repair kit I found a special patch . 
I applied the sealant and then stuck the patch on . 
I used a hair dryer to heat and set it . 
Next , I took out the air compressor and reinflated the inner tube . 
After reassembling everything , I sat on the bike and tested it out . 
Good as new ! 
Repairing a flat bike tire can be a little tiring , if you get my drift . 
Anyway , the last time I had to do this was when I 'd apparently ran over some random , sharp piece of metal that got stuck in my front tire . 
I had to get some sealant and a little oil for my tire pump . 
I flipped by bike upside down and used a wrench to take the whole tire off . 
I have an older bike , so it 's easier to do it this way . 
I deflated the tire and then I took the outer tire off . 
I removed the metal bit from the tire and the bladder . 
I sealed the bladder and had to wait for it to cure . 
The outer tire got a little bit of repair mix too . 
After the various mixes dried , I inflated the bladder a bit and put both the bladder and the tire back on the wheel . 
This took a while , since I had to make sure that it was well within the wheel well , so that the tire would stay on . 
The last thing I really had to do was fully inflate the bladder and put the tire back on the bike . 
It took a little while to do , but it was better than buying an all new tire . 
Today I hopped on my bike to take a ride to the supermarket . 
When I sat down , I noticed my tire was flat . 
I looked down , and sure enough there was no air in the tire . 
I went to go get my air pump and fill up the tire . 
I unscrewed the cover of the nozzle and then attached the bicycle pump to it . 
I then filled the bicycle tire with air . 
After that , I released the bicycle pump and screwed the cover back on . 
Then I rode my bicycle a little bit to see if the tire would remain inflated . 
After a couple of loops around the street , I noticed the tire was beginning to flatten again , so I decided to replace the bicycle 's inner tube . 
I went to get my spare inner tube as well as a screwdriver and wrench . 
I unbolted the wheel from the bicycle with the wrench . 
Then I used the screw driver to take the tire and old inner tube out . 
I brought out the new inner tube and placed it inside the tire , then put both back on the wheel and put the wheel on the bike . 
I took out my air pump and filled the tire with air until it was firm . 
When I rode around this time the tire remained firm , so I put my things away and rode to the supermarket . 
This weekend , I planned to go bike riding . 
I had n't gone in some time and , when I checked my bike beforehand , discovered that one of the tires had gone flat . 
I attempted to pump air back into the tire , first . 
The tire would not hold air , so I knew that I would have to repair the flat tire . 
I turned the bike upside down . 
This would help me by giving me better access to the bike tires . 
I found a wrench of appropriate size and used it to take off the bolts that held the tire on the bike . 
When I had taken off the bolts , I took the tire off the bike frame . 
Then , I let out the rest of the air out of the bike tire . 
When the tire was completely flat , I carefully took the rubber tire off the metal bike spoke frame . 
The inside of a bike tire is hollow and houses the tire tube . 
I knew that the bike tire was probably flat because of a puncture in the bike tube , so I checked that first . 
Sure enough , there was a large hole in my bike tire tube . 
This tube would not hold air . 
I had a small bike tire repair kit in my garage and went to get it . 
I returned with it and took out the rubber patch that I would use to repair the tube . 
I prepared the tube and then applied a rubber patch to the puncture with a bit of glue . 
I then tested the bike tire tube and found that the patch was working . 
So , I replaced the tube and the outer tire on the metal spokes . 
Then , I put the tire back on the bike frame and tightened the bolts that would hold it there . 
Finally , I put the bike right-side up and filled the tire with air . 
I knew this weekend would be fun . 
I wanted to go for a bike ride , so I went out to the garage to get my bike . 
I brought it out to the driveway and got on . 
I noticed that something did n't feel right . 
It was too hard to pedal . 
I looked down and noticed that my front tire was flat . 
I went back into the garage and brought out my bicycle pump . 
I removed the cover from the air valve and attached the pump to it . 
I pumped up and down on the handle a few times and noticed that the air was not staying in . 
I went back into the garage , again , and this time I brought out my bicycle repair kit . 
I found the hole in my tire , put a patch on , and then filled the tire with air . 
The patch seemed to be nice and sturdy and I believed it was going to hold . 
I put the air pump and the bicycle tire patch kit back into the garage , put on my helmet , and rode my bicycle down the street . 
I always wear my hair very long , but it needed trimmed because I had some split ends . 
I went to my favorite hairdresser , Michael . 
He works in a very nice salon . 
We 're friends , so he gave me a hug when he saw me come in . 
I was seated in the chair and had an apron tied around my neck to keep the hair off . 
First Michael shampooed my hair , and blew it dry . 
Then , he brushed and combed it out thoroughly . 
It was relaxing and enjoyable to have Michael 's skilled hands working with my hair . 
He is the only hairdresser I 'll go to . 
before long , it was time for the actual cutting of my hair . 
he knew I wanted it left long , so he trimmed off the damaged ends and did the ends of my hair in a pleasing half-moon shape . 
My hair looks great and I enjoyed my time at the hairdresser 's . 
I wanted to take a trip on a train . 
I thought it would be fun to travel through the countryside . 
I called the train directory and booked a ticket for a country journey day trip . 
I arrived at the train station , full of excitement . 
I handed my ticket to the conductor . 
I found my seat which was near a window , so I would be able to take in all the sights as the train traveled along . 
After the train car was filled , the conductor told us that we would be departing on our journey and when we would arrive at our destination . 
The train lurched forward with a mighty gust and began to chug along . 
I could hear the wheels clacking across the tracks as I enjoyed the lovely scenery that was passing by . 
When we arrived at the destination , we approached the station and the train screeched to a stop . 
I exited the train filled with wonderful thoughts about my experience . 
I went to the library and walked in the door . 
I was interested in borrowing a book about the American Revolutionary War . 
The book was written by a man named John Canton . 
Inside the library there is a bank of computers . 
I went to one of the computers and typed in the author 's last name . 
There were a number of books by people with the last name Canton , but I quickly found the one I was looking for . 
The computer told me the book 's call number . 
I wrote it down on an index card I had with me . 
The library has three floors . 
I looked at a sign on the wall that told me that books that started with the same letters my call number started with were on the second floor . 
I walked up to the second floor and went to the book stacks , the lines of shelving where they keep the books . 
I walked along the shelving , looking at the labels on the side of the shelves that said what call numbers were in the aisles I was passing . 
Finally I found the right shelf , and soon , again by looking at the call numbers on the books on those shelves , I found the book I was interested in . 
I brought the book to the circulation desk and gave the woman working there my library card . 
She scanned the book and my card and handed both back to me . 
She told me my book is due in two weeks . 
The library called and a book that I had asked to be notified when it came back to the library was back in . 
I drove to the library that is downtown . 
I went up to the librarians ' desk and asked for my book . 
The librarian went away to a set of shelves behind the counter and returned with the book . 
I went and sat on a chair and looked the book over to see if it was something that I really did want to read . 
The book looked interesting so I went back to the counter and waited in line . 
The line was long today . 
I found my library card in my wallet and waited some more . 
The librarian came over and smiled at me . 
Then when it was my turn at the counter , I handed the book to the person behind the desk . 
She scanned my library card and the book . 
I left the library with book in hand . 
Today I took a bath in my new apartment . 
It is the first time I bathed there so I need to get my things ready . 
First , I turned on the water and filled the bath up with nice warm water . 
I made sure that I have my shampoo , soap , and sponge ready to get in . 
Once I have those things , I hang my towel up on the towel rack and sink into the splendid bath . 
I always put some music so I can sing along in the shower . 
I make sure I scrub real good , especially behind my ears . 
After I get squeaky clean I relax for a little while longer , and get out the shower before I get wrinkly skin . 
Once Im out I shake off the excess water and dry my body real good with the towel , then I dry my hair with the blow dryer . 
It was a nice bath . 
At the end of a long hard day I like to take a nice bath to relax and refresh . 
On Monday evening , I came home from work and then got ready for my bath . 
I started running the water in the tub while I gathered a few items . 
First I placed candles around the edge of the tub and lit them for ambience . 
Then I put in some bath salts to make the water scented and smooth . 
I put some towels near the edge of the tub so they would be ready when I got out . 
Then I slid into the water and enjoyed the relaxing warmth for twenty or thirty minutes . 
When it was time to get out , I started letting the water out of the tub and ran a little more warm water to rinse off with . 
Once I was finished , I exited the tub and bundled up in the warm towels . 
I live near Blacksburg , Virginia and often stay with friends who live near Virginia Tech . 
A bus route stops at their apartment complex and we often ride it downtown to eat brunch after a late night . 
Nothing unusual ever happens . 
We get ready and go to the bus stop . 
There 's a bench and it 's covered but there 's no doors . 
The bus is always on time and we hop on . 
It 's never crowded so we can always find a seat . 
The varying bus drivers are nice and we hop on , pay , and take our seats . 
The ride downtown takes about 10 minutes because of other stops . 
No other passengers ever talk to each other and honestly groups of friends from different races stick together . 
Being near a college such as Virginia Tech makes for a very diverse area where different cultures intermingle but the bus seems to have the most obviously segregated groups . 
We get to our stop and enjoy brunch . 
I like riding the bus because of the convenience factor , no parking , and it feels like we are doing something to help the environment . 
After looking for a bus route to my workplace online , I headed outside . 
The nearest bus stop was only about a block or two away so I walked over . 
There were two bus stops at the same intersection , one on either side of the road . 
I made sure I was at the right stop by reading the stop location id listed on the sign next to the bus stop . 
My bus arrived in about five minutes and I got on board . 
I waited until I got to the rider before taking out my wallet , and quickly paid the exact fee for a one day , unlimited bus pass . 
After receiving the pass , I walked inside the bus and looked for the nearest , open seat . 
I found one close to the back of the bus . 
Since my stop was a common one , I did n't have to let the bus driver know when I needed to get off . 
Once we arrived at my stop , me and several others all got off and went our separate ways . 
I am more of a cook rather than a baker of pastries and sweets . 
But with the internet and youtube anything can be found . 
I searched youtube to find a good simple but interesting set of instructions . 
I decided on a chocolate cake as I am weak when it comes to resisting chocolate . 
I gathered all of the ingredients and placed them on the counter along with measuring cups and spoons . 
I could not believe how much sugar goes into the baking of a cake but that 's why it 's not a health food . 
All the ingredients went into a bowl for me to mix with a 1980 's hand held electric mixer . 
While the over was preheating I scooped a the mixture into a well greased baking pan . 
Naturally my finger stole a taste of the raw cake . 
After placing the bowl in the oven and and waiting the proper time I removed the cake and frosted it after it cooled down . 
Not too bad for a non baker but I 'll stick to cooking . 
My boyfriend 's birthday was just around the corner so I decided to bake a two-layer Strawberry Cake for him . 
To bake the cake , I needed sugar , milk , strawberry jello , vanilla extract , cake flour , butter , and strawberry puree . 
For the icing , I needed cream cheese , confectioner 's sugar , butter , and fresh strawberries . 
While the oven preheated , I mixed all of the dry ingredients in one bowl and all of the wet ingredients into another bowl . 
I then added the wet ingredients to the dry ingredients and stirred until everything was mixed well together . 
Once this was done , I poured the batter into two separate round cake pans and put the pans in the oven to bake for about 20 minutes . 
After I took the finished cakes out and placed them on wire racks to cool for about 10 minutes , I went ahead and made the frosting . 
Using an electric mixer , I beat the cream cheese and butter until they were creamy and then beat in the sugar and fresh strawberries until I got the smooth consistency that I wanted . 
Lastly , I assembled the cake by frosting the first layer then adding the second layer and frosting that as well . 
I also garnished the finished cake with some leftover strawberries I had . 
My boyfriend loved the cake . 
Being that we needed food in the house , I went through the cupboards and refrigerator to see what was there and made a list of what we needed . 
We were almost out of food so it was a long list . 
Then I drove to the grocery store . 
First I went to the meat isle and picked out some juicy steaks and a chicken . 
Then I went the the vegetable isle and picked out some fresh asparagus , broccoli , and salad fixings . 
Next I went to the canned goods and picked out some cans to keep in the house . 
I picked out some chili , soups and stews . 
These are always good to have in the house for a quick meal . 
Then I went to the dairy section and picked out some sour cream and milk . 
Then I pushed the cart to the payment isles and paid for the groceries . 
I bought a little flowering tree at a local greenhouse . 
It came with its roots bundled up in burlap , or something that looks like burlap . 
I dug a hole about two feet deep in my front yard , where I wanted the tree to grow . 
The instructions said to leave the roots in the bag . 
The bag would naturally rot away with time and the roots would poke out of it as they grew . 
Once my hole was dug , I moved the tree over to the spot and put it in the hole . 
I then started filling up the hole I 'd made with the dirt that I 'd dug up . 
I made sure the tree was standing straight and I tamped down the loose dirt by walking on it until the tree seemed to be firmly in place . 
I then put some mulch around the base of the tree in a circle . 
That 's supposed to help the area retain moisture , which the tree needs to survive . 
After that , I took out the hose and watered the tree a little to give it a good start in life . 
I got up early this morning and drove to the grocery store . 
I grabbed a shopping cart from outside and entered the store . 
Upon entering , I headed toward the bread aisle because I buy dried goods first . 
I filled my cart with a couple loaves of bread and a package of hamburger buns . 
After that , I proceeded to the beverage section and grabbed various sodas and sports drinks . 
Then , I moved on to the canned goods and grains . 
After throwing some cans of beans and bags of pasta into my cart , I went to the snack aisle . 
There , I took advantage of discounts on cookies , crackers , and potato chips . 
It was then time for the fruits and vegetables , of which I bought only a little . 
I only got tomatoes , bananas , and onions from this section . 
Next , I made my way to the meat section and purchased ground beef , pork chops , ham , and chicken breasts . 
Lastly , I hit the dairy aisle and grabbed a carton of milk and a gallon of ice cream . 
It was now time to find a register and pay for my groceries . 
After paying , I exited the store and put the groceries into my trunk . 
Then , I returned my shopping cart and drove home . 
It was my little sister 's birthday and I wanted to bake her a cake . 
I found a recipe for chocolate cake , which I knew was her favorite . 
I gathered together all of the ingredients along with a bowl and a mixer . 
I measured out the flour , sugar , vanilla , chocolate , eggs , and water and put them into the bowl . 
I used the electric mixer to mix the batter until it was very smooth . 
I greased a cake pan and put a little flour into the bottom and shook it around . 
This would keep the cake from sticking to the pan while it cooked . 
I poured the batter into the pan and placed it in the oven , which I had preheated to 350 degrees . 
I set a timer for 35 minutes . 
While the cake was baking , I mixed together some sugar , vanilla and milk to make frosting . 
When the timer sounded , I took the cake out of the oven and let it cool . 
I turned it upside down onto a serving platter and put the frosting on . 
I used a special frosting bag and tip to write '' `` Happy Birthday '' '' on the top . 
My sister loved it ! 
I like to help Mom bake cakes . 
It 's something we enjoy doing together . 
Mom decided she was going to make a chocolate cake , and chocolate is my favorite ! 
First , we washed our hands carefully with plenty of soap . 
Then we dried our hands . 
The first thing we had to do was sift the dry ingredients . 
Mom got out a really big mixing bowl made of aluminum . 
We put in the flour , sugar , salt , and baking powder . 
Mom likes turbinado sugar the best because it 's more healthy , so we used that . 
The four was King Arthur cake flour . 
We blended the dry ingredients carefully with a whip . 
Then we got another bowl and mixed the eggs , milk , and butter . 
Mom took a little pan and melted the chocolate on the stove on very low heat . 
We mixed the chocolate with the liquids and then poured it all into the big bowl . 
We baked the cake for 40 minutes -- it seemed like a long time ! 
-- and after it cooled we iced it and ate some . 
It was delicious . 
I was hosting a party and needed to pick up some groceries for my guests . 
I started by making a list of all the food I needed to buy . 
Then I grabbed my reusable shopping bags and drove to the grocery store . 
I chose a cart from outside and picked up a copy of the grocery store ad from the front of the store . 
I walked through all the aisles pushing my cart . 
I picked out the food I needed from my list , making sure to choose food that was on sale or generic food . 
When I had checked everything off on my list , I got in line at the store checkouts . 
There was a friendly cashier who scanned all of my groceries and told me how much money it cost . 
There was also a friendly bagger who put all on my groceries in my bags . 
At the end , the bagger offered to help put all of my groceries in the cart . 
As I left the parking lot , I waved goodbye to him after my successful trip . 
It was my mom 's birthday , so I decided to bake her a special cake . 
I looked in my cabinet and saw that I had everything except vanilla and frosting . 
I drove to the store and got the ingredients I needed and went back home . 
Once I was home I began mixing the cake ingredients together in a large bowl . 
Then I took out a cake sheet and poured the cake batter into it . 
I preheated the oven and placed the cake in the oven . 
I began working on my frosting . 
I took out some butter and sugar and mixed them together adding a few more ingredients to taste as I went . 
I checked the cake and it was done . 
I took the cake out of the oven and let it cool . 
Then I frosted the cake and decorated it as well . 
After dinner my mom blew out the candles on the cake and everyone said how tasty it was to eat . 
Two days ago , it was Earth Day . 
A few people were giving out seeds in order to project the idea of green living into people 's minds . 
My friend and I , Joey , decided that we would help to plant a few trees in order to contribute to the efforts . 
We received a few tree saplings in the mail from a catalog . 
Joey and I decided that we would plant them in our backyard to provide shade . 
While the trees might be small now , hopefully they would grow into big trees for maybe our kids . 
We got all down and dirty in the grass , starting to rake up a circle of grass in order to turn over some topsoil . 
We had a trowel , and yes we called it a trowel , and we dug into the dirt to start planting the tree . 
We made a six inch deep hole in the soil , and then put the tree in . 
We finished by packing the soil down around the roots of the small tree , and then we watered it . 
I was out of food so I went to my local market . 
I parked the car and walked to the door . 
I grabbed a cart on the way . 
Once inside i vowed to stick to the outside edges of the store , away from processed foods . 
I bought all my produce and some fresh baked bread . 
I also got milk and eggs and cheese . 
I caved and bought some tortilla chips because I had a mean craving for nachos . 
I also checked the frozen aisle for cheese taquitos . 
I found cheese taquitos once , years ago , but had never seen them again . 
I always check in vain , hoping one day to see them next to the chicken taquitos . 
After I had all my goods I went to the check out line . 
I made small talk with the cashier after I loaded my items on the the conveyor belt . 
I paid after everything was bagged in my cart . 
Then I left for home . 
When I bake a cake , it is usually for a birthday . 
When I am baking a cake , I find a good recipe online with good reviews and make sure that I have all of the ingredients needed . 
I take all of the ingredients out and then I preheat the oven . 
I find the appropriate pans needed and make sure they are clean . 
Then I grease and flour the pans and add parchment paper to the bottom . 
Next , I will measure and combine all of the dry ingredients , sifting if necessary . 
Then I combine the wet ingredients after measuring them and wisk together . 
Lastly , I combine the wet and dry gently and stir as little as possible before pouring into the pans and placing into the oven , taking note of the time I need to take them back out . 
Once baked , I will cool the cakes and frost , either with canned frosting or homemade frosting . 
At the very end I will decorate the cake since it is probably for a birthday . 
I was headed to visit my cousin in Italy for a few weeks . 
The week before , my dad went online and purchased me one of those convenient e-tickets . 
He printed it out and made sure I remembered to bring it on the day of my flight . 
We arrived early to the airport so that i could go through all of the security checks . 
I had to take off my shoes and put my belongings in a tray as I went through the scanner . 
After that , I saw the board with all of the flights and saw that my flight was leaving soon . 
I waited a few minutes by the gate with my parents until it was time to board . 
Many passengers climbed aboard and found their seats . 
The captain greeted us over the loudspeaker and then the plane took off . 
I was tired so I took a nap . 
When I woke up I could see the clouds around me as we were pretty high up in the air . 
After a few more hours we arrived and everyone clapped . 
I 'm so excited for my trip to Florida ! 
It 's going to be warm and I 'm looking forward to visiting Disney World . 
The most exciting part will be the plane ride . 
When I arrive at the airport , I get into the check in line . 
I show the woman at the counter my ticket . 
She asks to see either my driver 's license or a passport . 
I hand her my passport . 
She asks me how many suitcases I will be brining with me . 
I tell her two . 
She prints off stickers to put on my bags so that they know which plane to put my bags on . 
Next , she prints out my boarding pass . 
I will need this to be able to get onto the plane . 
She tells me that my plane will be leaving from Gate A7 . 
I follow the signs that point towards Gate A7 . 
Before I can enter the '' `` A '' '' terminal , I must go through a security check point . 
I take a plastic bin and place all my loose belongings in there - like my backpack , keys and cell phone . 
I also must remove my shoes and place them in a bin . 
The bins run along a conveyor belt and into an x-ray machine . 
People monitor the x-ray machine to make sure there is nothing dangerous in my belongings . 
A man waves at me to walk through a metal detector . 
It does n't hurt . 
It 's just like walking through an open door . 
After I am cleared at security , I collect my bags and head to the gate . 
Thirty minutes later , my plane has arrived and an airline employee announces that we will be boarding . 
The plane boards according to what row you are seated in . 
Luckily , I 'm in row one so I get to go on the plane first ! 
After everyone is seated and their carry on bags are either placed in the upper storage bins or under out seats , the flight attendant announces we are ready to take off ! 
I buckle my seatbelt and then the plane slowly taxis to the runway . 
The friendly flight attendant talks about safety procedures while we are driving to the runway . 
Within two minutes , the plane starts moving faster and faster and before I know it , we are up in the air ! 
Two of the flight attendants come over and offer me a drink and a snack . 
I choose a Diet Coke and some pretzels . 
While flying , I totally forget I 'm up in the air . 
It 's a bit noisy , as if riding in a train , but I forget we are n't on the ground ... until I look outside and see the clouds passing by . 
The pilot comes on the PA system a few times to announce things like cruising altitude and the current weather temperature in Florida . 
About two and half hours after take off , the pilot asks us to prepare for landing . 
We have to put our seats upright and make sure we are buckled in . 
I can feel the plane slowly descending . 
My ears feel a bit uncomfortable from the change in air pressure . 
I can see houses and trees getting closer . 
The plane bumps once when the landing gear touches the ground . 
We roll smoothly to the end of the runway and then taxi over to the gate . 
I gather up my belongings and thank the flight crew for a wonderful flight . 
I ca n't wait to start my vacation ! 
With a yawn I realized why I was so tired . 
I had flown home yesterday . 
and it was a very long flight . 
I had purchased my ticket online , so I only had to check-in when I arrived at the airport . 
The took my bag at that time , and I walked over to the security gate . 
I was really happy I had remembered to wear slip on , sensible shoes , and easy fit clothing . 
I placed my purse and shoes in the bucket to go through the scanner , and stepped through a scanner of my own . 
Sometimes that is all it takes , but I was tapped on the shoulder , and pulled aside for a random search . 
This didnt upset me though , it happens , although with more frequency than I would like . 
A few moments of pat down , and I was putting my shoes back on . 
Taking my purse I headed for the gate listed on my boarding pass . 
Near the gate was a small shop . 
I decided to buy a bottle of water , and a magazine to read on the plane . 
I heard an announcement that my plane was beginning to board , so I paid quickly , and joined the line at the gate . 
They checked my boarding pass as I reached the head of the line , and now I was headed down a small hallway to the plane . 
I could hear the whine of engines as I went through the entry door . 
The airline personnel smiled and greeted me , checked my boarding pass , and gave me a general idea of where to find my seat . 
It wasnt long before they closed the door , and they were giving safety instructions . 
I listened closely , reading along on the safety card , and smiled remembering my first airline flight . 
I had been 3 , and could not read yet . 
I leaned my head back , as the plane taxi 'd , then sped down the runway for takeoff . 
Each night after we finish eating our dinner , I go upstairs to take a bath . 
The first thing that I do is get myself a clean towel and wash cloth . 
I put these items on the side of the bath tub in my bathroom . 
I then put the stopper in the drain of the bathtub and turn on the water faucet . 
I wait for the water to warm up and check it with my hand to make sure it is warm and not too hot . 
Once the bath tub is half way full , I turn off the water . 
Then I take off my clothes and climb into the bath tub . 
I get my wash cloth and put it under the water . 
I then get the soap and rub it on my wet wash cloth to make suds . 
The next thing to do is take the wash cloth and wash my entire body , starting with my face and ending with my toes . 
After I have washed everything , I rinse the soap from my body with the water in the tub . 
Finally , I get out of the tub , take the stopper out of the drain to let the water out , and use my towel to dry off . 
This morning I rode a public bus to college . 
Before I left my house , I checked the bus schedule so I would know what time the bus was meant to arrive . 
I then left my house and walked to the bus stop right outside my house . 
I then sat on the bench next to an old man and waited for the bus to arrive . 
While I waited , I chatted with the old man . 
When the bus arrived , I let the old man get on in front of me . 
I then climbed on board the bus , paid the bus driver the bus fare , and the bus driver said '' `` Good morning '' '' as he handed me my ticket . 
Holding onto my ticket , I took a seat near the front of the bus . 
I stared out the window throughout the bus journey , just enjoying the view . 
When my stop was coming up , I pressed the button to let the bus driver know to stop the bus . 
He stopped at my stop and I stood up and got off the bus , thanking the bus driver before I exited . 
For me there is nothing more relaxing then taking a nice hot bath after a long day of work . 
When I got home the first thing I did was start the running water in the tub . 
I made sure the temperature was perfect before putting the drain stopper in place . 
I then went to my room and got some clean clothes and a towel from the closet . 
I like to listen to music when I take a bath so I brought along my i-pod and small speakers . 
When the tub was almost filled I stop the water , turned the music on , and stepped inside the tub . 
It was like a little piece of heaven as the warm water washed over my body . 
After about 10 minutes of relaxing I found the soap and started to apply it all over my body . 
When I was finished I pulled the drain stopper and started to rinse the soap off . 
After all the water was drained I grabbed my towel and started to dry off , then I finally slipped into my clean clothes . 
It was so relaxing , I just ca n't wait to do it again very soon . 
I have never had to ride a public bus until 4 years ago when I had no other transportation and was forced to take a public bus anywhere I needed to go . 
The first thing I had to do was find a bus schedule and learn how to read the time and places to catch the bus and how to make any needed transfers . 
This was a little hard to do but once I figured it out it was ok as long as I always kept a schedule with me . 
I mostly took the bus to work and I only had to worry about catching one bus on the street I lived on and I did not have to sorry about any transfers . 
The bus ride cost me $ 1.25 and transfers where an additional 50 cents . 
Many people rode the bus and I meet several nice people on the bus . 
The bus drivers were always nice and I became friends with several of them . 
The bus only came once an hour and I had to make sure I did not miss it if I was going to work because then I would be late for work . 
The bus always made a stop at the main depot in order to pick up more people . 
There was usually about a 20 minute wait so the driver could have break in the late afternoon . 
I did not like having to take the bus but it served my purpose for a while and I was thankful to have the bus available . 
Sometimes I buy books but more often I just decide to borrow one from the public library because you can read them and take them back and it does n't cost you anything . 
Most libraries have a vast selection of books so you would never be unable to find something you wanted to read . 
A lot of libraries have their catalog online so you can check to see if they have a particular book before you go to the library . 
I recently had to join a new library so I went there and spoke to the lady behind the desk who asked me to fill in a form with my address and contact details , and provide proof of my identity . 
When I had finished filling in the form , I took it back to her and she made me a little plastic library card with my account number and my name on it , along with a unique barcode . 
She told me I had to use this card to check out books whenever I went to the library . 
There were thousands of books on hundreds of shelves , all of them are filed in some sort of order . 
Fiction books were filed by author surname , and non-fiction books were filed by a system called the Dewey decimal system which numbers books according to their subject classification and are then filed in that number order . 
The books were easy to find , there were computers around the library where you could check to see what books were available . 
When I had selected the books I wanted to borrow I went to one of the self service stations and scanned the barcode on the books and the barcode on my new library card , and the books were issued to me . 
I also got a printed receipt to show me when the books were due to be returned . 
It was very easy to do . 
I taking a train today from Boston , Massachusetts to New York City , New York . 
When I arrive at the station , I see an automated machine that lets me purchase my ticket . 
I enter the necessary information about my travel and my credit card information and it dispenses a ticket to me . 
I see that my train is leaving from track 12 . 
I follow the signs above me that show the directions to all of the track locations . 
The train pulls up about 10 minutes later . 
I board the train . 
There are n't too many empty seats but I find a nice one next to the window . 
The train slowly pulls out of the station . 
About 20 minutes into the journey , a conductor comes by and asks to see my ticket . 
I show it to him and he punches a hole in it . 
He then rips off part of it and places the ripped part into a special see through pocket in my seat . 
This is so he knows that I have paid my fare to ride the train . 
It 's about a three hour train ride so I get up and wander a few cars down to the food train . 
I purchase a coffee and donut and bring them back to my designated seat . 
I 'm happy to say that there is free wi-fi on the train so I 'm able to surf the web while riding the train . 
We make a few stops along the way to New York to pick up more passengers and let others off . 
The three hours pass quickly and soon I 'm disembarking the train to enjoy a day in the city . 
I went to the hair stylist for a trim . 
While I was seated in the waiting area , I happened to glance a cover of a hair styling book and , being intrigued , decided to pick it up and browse . 
I found a haircut I really liked . 
My hairstylist called my name and led me back to her barber chair . 
She wrapped a drape around my shoulders to protect my clothes from hair clippings , asking me what I was looking to do with my hair this time . 
I pointed out the book I had been looking through and showed her the picture I had found . 
She nodded , spritzed water on my head with her spray bottle , then grabbed her comb and started running it through my hair . 
She then grabbed her scissors and started trimming the length , parted some hair to one side and clipped that side . 
Then she parted and clipped the other to match , all the while chatting with me about stuff . 
A few moments later , she applied a little hair gel and worked it through my hair . 
Pleased with the outcome , she spun me around so I could see the mirror and asked how I liked my new hairdo . 
I loved it so much that I gave her a nice tip when I paid the bill ! 
It has been six months since I got my hair cut . 
I usually get it cut really short and let it grow out to be shaggy . 
I usually just go to whichever local salon is closest , and I do n't have a regular person who usually cuts my hair . 
I only like to spend about $ 15 each time I go . 
Today , I decided get a faded haircut . 
The nearest place only charges $ 10 , so I was pleased with that . 
The lady who helped me was named Sarah , and she talked a lot about the weather and how much she wanted to be outside . 
She also asked me a lot about my job , and it turns out her husband also works where I work . 
The haircut took about 15 minutes and she did a pretty good job . 
It 's just the right length and she cut the back of my hair the way I like most . 
I paid her $ 10 and tipped her $ 5 . 
I left completely satisfied . 
Last night , I booked my ticket to Boston . 
I got on the computer and found the next available train and purchased my ticket . 
I packed my bag and printed my purchase confirmation . 
This morning , I headed to the train station . 
I handed my receipt to the clerk and he handed me my ticket . 
My train was scheduled to depart at 8:00 AM . 
I checked my watch and saw it was 7:35 AM . 
I quickly headed to the gate where my train was . 
I approached the gate and handed my ticket over . 
I was easily able to board the train . 
I found my seat towards the back of the train . 
I was happy to have a window seat so I could view the scenery during the trip . 
I set my luggage aside and settled into my seat . 
The steward came over and asked if I wanted a beverage . 
I said I would like a water . 
She quickly returned with my drink . 
Shortly after , the train departed . 
I was impressed with the scenery during the trip . 
I also chatted with a few other passengers and enjoyed a quick nap during the trip . 
After about two hours , the train arrived at its destination . 
I gathered my luggage and got off the train . 
I had arrived in Boston . 
Today I got my hair cut . 
Last time I was at the stylist , I made an appointment for today . 
I arrived about 10 minutes before my appointment , to make sure that I would n't be late . 
When I walked in , the lady behind the counter greeted me , and asked if I would like something to drink . 
I said no , that I would not . 
I then had a seat and waited for my stylist to come and collect me . 
After a few minutes the stylist came out and led me back to the area where I would be getting my hair cut . 
First we washed my hair , then she seated me in a chair that is designed for hair cutting . 
The stylist asked me what type of haircut I wanted , I told her , and she began to cut . 
First she clipped the sides and back , then she used scissors to trim the top and front . 
After she was done she used a blow dryer to blow off all the hair she had cut . 
She then brushed my shoulders with a special hair brush , and I was done . 
Last week , I was riding my bicycle on a dirt path through the forest . 
The path had many rocks and branches on it and at some point during my ride , I hit a rock and put a hole in the tire . 
I was forced to walk my bike back to my house and inspect the tires . 
It seemed to be a minor hole where the rock had pierced the tire that would require some minor patching . 
I loaded the bicycle into the back of the car and drove it to our local bike shop where they applied some sort of fill to the hole and patched it up . 
Once completed , my tires retained their air pressure and were good as new . 
I paid the man at the shop and took my bike home . 
The next day , I took it back out for a ride and all was well ! 
The bike shop was far better equipped to fix my flat than I was . 
I was riding my bike the other day when I noticed I was moving slowly , even though I was pedaling hard with a lot of effort . 
I stopped and looked at my front wheel and noticed that it was squished down against the pavement and was soft when I pressed it , instead of being firm and tough . 
It did n't have enough air in it to fill it up , like an old balloon . 
I took the bicycle home to my garage . 
Inside my garage was my bicycle tire pump . 
The pump would put air back into the tire . 
On my front tire , there was a tiny tube or straw that would let the air in when I used the pump . 
The pump also had a long tube with a tiny metal fastener on the end . 
I stuck the metal part into the tube so that it can blow air into my bicycle tire . 
The large metal cylinder part of the pump had a handle sticking out the top , which could be pulled out like a pogo stick , and two little metal feet on the bottom . 
I stood on the metal feet to keep the pump in place . 
Then I carefully pulled the handle out and pushed it back in . 
A dial on the pump showed me how much pressure I was putting into the pump by pushing on the handle , which then pushed the air in the tire . 
I heard it make a hissing noise . 
I kept pulling the handle out and pushing it back in , and noticed that the tire was getting bigger and bigger . 
Finally , after a few minutes , I pushed on the tire again . 
It was firm and ready to ride . 
I disconnected the pump and put it away . 
Then I went out to have fun on my bike again , with my tire working perfectly . 
Repairing a bicycle is vital and I learned how easy and important it is through the many years I have rode bicycles . 
First of all do not think you ca n't do it I will show and you will be glad you learned the first time a tipe deflates way out on a country or something . 
First use tire removing tools that are flat and will not pop tires or tubes and have a portable wrench . 
I use small air pressure bulbs that I find are more convenient to use for tire inflation but you can use a hand pump . 
Simply remove the wheel and place the new tube in the tire being careful to look for debris that might still be embedded into the tire still . 
Then carefully tuck the tire back into the rim and reinflate . 
Its a real good thing you now how to change your tire because you never know when a tube will pop or puncture and you can be out of luck if you do n't have your spare tube , tools , and pump . 
Every few months when my hair starts to feel shaggy , I know it is time for a hair cut . 
Mom calls to make an appointment with the stylist . 
When we arrive to the salon , the hair dresser greets me . 
She drapes a cape around me to keep hair from sticking to my clothes , and invites me to sit in a special chair . 
First , she leans me back to shampoo and rinse my hair . 
Once my hair is nice and clean , the hair dresser combs it out , gently removing any tangles . 
Then she grabs a pair of professional scissors to cut my hair . 
She trims the ends , which are often damaged . 
Sometimes she will add layers into my hair as well . 
After trimming my hair , she uses a hair dryer to dry it . 
Finally , she brushes my hair . 
When she is finished , I look in the mirror , pleased with my freshly cut hair . 
I hop off the chair and remove the cape . 
After mom pays the stylist , I thank her and say " I ' ll see you in a few months . " 
For a school assignment I needed to find a book from the library . 
I went to the library after class and looked the book up on the computer which had the library 's catalogue . 
The book was upstairs , so I went there and followed the call numbers until I found what I was looking for . 
I then went back downstairs to the circulation desk . 
I placed the book on the counter and the friendly librarian swiped my library card and then scanned the book . 
Turns out I owed a fine which I had to pay before I could have the book . 
It was only a dime which thankfully I had on my person . 
After paying the fine the book was stamped with a due date and the librarian gave it to me . 
It was raining out so she gave me a rain bag to protect the book . 
I was on my way . 
The library has so many books to choose from , it 's hard to decide which one to borrow . 
Looking around at all the shelves of books , I decided I wanted an adventure book . 
The librarian was nice enough to help me look for a good book to borrow . 
I decided on a pirate adventure book . 
But before I could borrow it , I had to get a library card . 
Again , the librarian was very helpful . 
We walked over to the counter , and she helped me sign up for a library card . 
All I had to do was tell her a few things like my name and my address , and I had my very own library card . 
Once I had that , it was easy to check out the book . 
She scanned my library card , punched some buttons on her computer , and the book was mine to borrow . 
I 'll be sure to bring it back in a few days so I do n't have to pay any late fees . 
I take showers in the morning , but I enjoy taking a bath in the evening . 
I find it relaxes me and helps me to sleep better . 
I have a bottle of pink bubble bath that I like to use when I bathe . 
I begin by making sure the water will stay in the tub , by flipping up the lever below the faucet . 
It prevents the water from going down the drain . 
Then I turn on the hot and cold water until it comes out of the faucet at a temperature I like , then make the water a little bit hotter because it usually cools down as the tub is filling . 
While the water is running , I add some of my bubble bath directly under the stream of water . 
It immediately starts to foam and bubble , and fills the bathroom with a wonderful fragrance . 
When the tub is filled almost to the top , I get undressed and get in . 
The water rises around me as I sink under the water and I am surrounded by foamy bubbles . 
I lean my head back against the edge of the tub and relax in the warm water . 
It feels wonderful . 
I soak for a while , then take a washcloth and dip it in the water . 
I rub the washcloth on a bar of soap and gently scrub my body . 
I soak for a while longer until the water starts to get uncomfortably cool . 
I flip the lever and the water begins to go down the drain . 
I 'm covered with bubbles , so I stand up and turn on the shower to rinse them off . 
When I no longer have any soap on me , I get out of the tub and dry off with a fluffy towel . 
A warm bath at the end of a long day is very comforting . 
Tonight I road on a public bus . 
I waited outside of the store near my house for the bus which runs on a schedule . 
Once the bus came I got on and paid the bus fare . 
After that I took my seat I looked around at all the other people . 
When you ride on the bus there can be all types of people on the bus with you . 
I had my MP3 player with me with ear-buds so I put my ear-buds into my ears and turned on my MP3 player and began listening to my music . 
My public bus ride was n't very long so after a little while the bus stopped at my stop and I got off the bus and arrived at my destination . 
Riding on a public bus can be a fun experience if you want it to be and you can even talk to the other people on the public bus but overall I had a good experience . 
I went into my bathroom and started to run the bath , letting the water get warm enough . 
Once warm , I plugged up the drain and the bath began to fill . 
I dripped some bubble bath into the water to get it nice and bubbly . 
Suds filled the tub along with warm water , creating a heavenly scent . 
Once the tub was filled , I disrobed and got in . 
I sat for a moment , relaxing , allowing the warm water to sooth my skin . 
After a few moments , I grabbed a bar of soap and lathered my body . 
I washed myself carefully because I did not want to spill water onto the floor . 
I washed my hair and dunked my head under water to clear the shampoo and conditioner . 
After awhile the water began to cool . 
Since I was done washing , I unplugged the drain and let the water drain out . 
I grabbed a towel and dried off . 
I then left the tub . 
'' I wanted to go shopping downtown , so I decided to take the public bus . 
I waited at the bus stop where other people were also waiting . 
The bus came right on time and pulled over to the curb . 
I waited for the people getting off the bus to step down . 
Then I waited in line as each person got on . 
When it was my turn I stepped up the few steps into front of the bus . 
I swiped my bus card to pay , smiled at the driver , and chose a seat . 
The bus was a little crowded , so I stood and held onto the bar . 
An elderly woman got on the bus next , and a younger person got up to give her his seat . 
When everyone was on , the bus put on his turn signal and pulled back into the street . 
As I got closer to my stop , I pulled the cord . 
The cord dinged to signal that I wanted to get off . 
The bus pulled into the stop where other people were waiting to get on . 
They waited until I got off before boarding . 
I wanted to visit my family that lived far away for Christmas . 
I knew that it was too far for me to drive , so I decided to fly . 
I went online and searched for tickets . 
I found a ticket that was the cheapest with the fewest layovers , because I wanted to spend as little time as possible traveling on my trip to my family 's house . 
I brought my ticket to the airport on the day that I was to depart . 
I went to the gate of the airline that I was flying and handed in my ticket . 
I waited in the airport until the plane was ready to be boarded . 
I got in line and boarded the plane . 
I found a seat and buckled my seat belt . 
It took a couple hours of flying until we landed . 
I got off of the plane and met up with my family in the airport . 
Five years ago I went to New York City . 
I live in Missouri , so New York City is very far away from me . 
I decided to buy plain tickets so I could ride in an airplane to get there . 
I had never ridden on an airplane before , so I was a little bit nervous . 
I ordered my plane tickets online . 
My sister drove me to the airport . 
Once I got there , I went up to the counter to check my luggage . 
The lady working at the counter was very nice and told me where to go . 
I went through a metal detector that security guards were monitoring . 
I found my airplane terminal , and I patiently waited while sitting in a chair . 
Over the speakers , a voice told passengers we could begin boarding the plane . 
I got onto the plane and the ride took about three hours . 
It was a pretty simple experience . 
When I baked a cake , I got my dishes out from the cupboard in my kitchen . 
I laid out all the dishes and ingredients needed to bake my cake . 
After preheating the dishes and preheating the oven to a set temperature , I started on making my frosting . 
I broke the eggs and separated the yolks and the whites , and I set up my flour in my pans . 
I then went on to making and mixing my frosting and my batter in their respective bowls . 
The batter was finished and then placed into the baking pan for about the next half hour . 
After the oven timer went off , I checked on the way the batter had risen and settled , and found that my cake was ready to be decorated with the frosting . 
This was meant to be a birthday cake , so I bought festive frosting add-ons to go with my original homemade frosting . 
I applied the homemade frosting to the cake first , then squirted the store-bought frosting onto the cake through the funnel . 
I wrote several words on the cake as well to make it more personalized for the person whom the birthday was happening for . 
I also set aside several candles for the birthday boy to blow out later on . 
Today , in Rich 's Kitchen we 'll learn about the fine attributes of baking a cake . 
Since I am not a phenomenal baker we will be assisted by the use of Little Debbie in using one of their fine cake mixes . 
In order to properly make this cake we will need some vegetable oil and a couple of eggs . 
First thing to do is pre-heat our oven to the time listed on the box . 
Then we will gather the vegetable oil and eggs along with two round baking dishes and a bowl for mixing . 
Use a cooking spray on your two round baking dishes to prevent sticking . 
Next we will combine the cake mix , vegetable oil , eggs and a little tap water and begin to mix . 
Once we have the consistency we are looking for pour the mix evenly in both baking round dishes and put them into the oven for the time suggested on the box . 
Make sure to taste your cake mix for extra delicious value . 
While the cake is baking clean up the mess . 
Once baking has completed let the cake cool and then you can remove the cakes and frost it with your favorite frosting . 
I drove to the grocery store , parked , and went into the building . 
There was a line of shopping carts at the front of the store , just inside the doors . 
I took one and walked to the wide produce aisle at the left of the store . 
I walked down every aisle in the store , adding things to my cart as I did . 
I had a shopping list with me and managed to find everything I needed . 
I bought material for making a big salad for dinner : lettuce , tomatoes , peppers , cucumbers , and croutons . 
And I bought two packages of chicken and one package of hamburg . 
I also bought things like paper towels and toilet paper and frozen food . 
When I was finished adding items to my cart , I walked to one of the registers . 
There are more than twenty registers in the store . 
I chose the one with the shortest line . 
When it was my turn I put the things I had in my cart onto the conveyor belt . 
The woman at the cash register scanned the items , and a man at the end of the counter put my items in plastic bags . 
When she was finished scanning my order , she told me how much I owed . 
I swiped my credit card into the machine . 
The machine approved my card , and I signed the machine with a special pen . 
The bagger had finished bagging my items by then and had put all the bags in my shopping cart . 
I left the store to put the bags in my car . 
Today I decided I wanted to do something special and plant a tree in my back yard . 
I went to the gardening supply store and bought everything I needed to make this happen . 
I purchased a shovel , some work gloves , and a small potted tree . 
When I got back home I quickly went to my backyard to find the perfect spot for the tree . 
After picking out the spot , I put on my new work gloves to protect my hands . 
Then I got down on my knees , grabbed the small shovel , and started digging a deep enough hole . 
When I was satisfied with the depth of the hole I removed the small tree from the pot and placed it into the hole . 
I then covered up the hole with the dirt and made sure it was secure and safe . 
When I was finished securing it , I watered the surrounding area of the tree and admired my handy work . 
'' `` Baking A Cake '' '' Grandma June was making a cake for uncle Max 's Birthday . 
Uncle Max was 45 years old ! 
Julia thought that was pretty old . 
She was excited because , Grandma June agreed to let her help . 
They both washed their hands Grandma June said that is always the first step you take when cooking so you do n't spread germs . 
Then Grandma June picked two shiny round cake pans . 
She let Julia grease the whole inside of each pan with Shortening and then Grandma June dusted each pan lightly with flour . 
This is so the cooked cakes would not stick . 
Grandma June turned the oven on to heat up to 350 degrees then she placed two bowl onto the counter one was for dry things such as flour , sugar , baking powder and salt . 
Grandma June carefully measured each one and let Julia pour them in . 
Then she mixed all the dry stuff really well . 
Julia 's Grandma June told her to mix well but carefully so the ingredients would not spill because baking is an exact science and the measurements had to be correct . 
In the next bowl they measured all the wet things . 
In went butter , milk , vanilla and eggs . 
Grandma June mixed them very smooth with a hand mixer . 
Next they slowly added the wet ingredients to the dry a bit at a time mixing them well into a smooth batter . 
The batter get divided evenly between the two cake pans and placed in the hot oven to bake . 
After thirty minutes Grandma June poked each cake with a toothpick and it came out with no cake on it . 
This meant the cakes were done . 
Grandma June carefully flipped the cakes over onto a cooling rack leave the cake there with no pan on it to cool . 
Julia waited for what seemed like a very long time until Grandma June said they were cool . 
She brought out her cake stand and placed one cake on it . 
Julia watched as Grandma June frosted the layer lightly then placed the other cake on top . 
She made quick work of frosting both layers of stacked cakes with smooth fluffy white frosting . 
Then came Julias part . 
She placed the bid number four and five shaped candles next to each other on the cake . 
Julia thought making a cake was lots of work but fun as well . 
Especially when she did it with her grandma . 
I wanted to bake a cake for my husband for his birthday , but I was not sure how to do it . 
I decided to go to the store and buy a box of cake mix . 
The box said that I would need oil and eggs to make the cake , so I bought those items , too . 
When I got home , I followed the instructions listed on the box . 
I preheated my oven to 350 degrees and sprayed a baking pan with cooking spray . 
I mixed together the cake mix , oil and eggs . 
Once it was mixed really well , I poured the cake batter into a pan . 
I put the pan into the oven and set a timer . 
When the timer went off , I took my cake out of the oven . 
It looked and smelled great . 
After it cooled off , I put vanilla frosting on the cake . 
My husband enjoyed his cake very much . 
I was so scared to find out that I had to go on the airplane to visit my grandmother . 
She had been very sick and in the hospital for awhile now so I owed it to her . 
I would have taken the bus but it was at least a twenty four hour journey if driving . 
I searched some popular sites online and found the perfect flight deal . 
It was a round trip flight from New York to Orlando and it would only take four hours . 
I was scheduled to leave the following morning so I packed just enough stuff to fit on a carryon bag . 
The airline charged extra money based on how many bags you had . 
Carry ons were free and I was only staying for two days so things worked out great . 
I arrived and the busy airport an hour long , went through the security part which took the longest . 
I had just minutes before my flight would board and my nerves were getting the best of me . 
But once I got on things were great . 
I had a window seat but never looked out to see the clouds . 
The flight attendants were great and offered me drinks and snacks . 
My ears rang a little but the gum I chewed helped . 
There was n't any turbulence and I was by my grandmothers side before I knew it . 
So glad to have been able to overcome my fears . 
Before you plant a tree , you must contact the utility company . 
They will come to your property and mark out utility lines . 
Without doing this , you may dig down and hit a line , which can be lethal ! 
Once you know where to dig , select what type of tree you want . 
Take things into consideration such as how much sun it gets , what zone you are in , and how quickly you want it to grow . 
Dig a hole large enough for the tree and roots . 
Place the tree in the hole and then fill the hole back up with dirt . 
Many small trees will need support until they are bigger . 
This will ensure they grow tall and straight . 
It is crucial to keep the tree watered ! 
It will need a lot of water at first . 
Mulch is helpful to keep the soil moist . 
It 's also important to wait until the threat of a frost has passed or is not in the near future . 
Giving care to your new tree will ensure that it will grow big and strong ! 
Yesterday , I woke up at 5 AM because I knew that I had a flight to catch . 
I ate my breakfast and waited for my friend Wayne to pick me up because he was going to drop me off at the airport so I could board my plane . 
Once I arrived at the airport I showed them my ticket for my flight to Los Angeles , California and they told me I would have to wait a few minutes . 
I sat down and waited and read a few magazines before they announced that my plane was boarding . 
I was checked to see if anything was on me in the security area before entering the plane . 
Once I got on the plane I went to the window seat and sat down . 
I put on my headphones and listened to music for about an hour . 
I then was asked if I wanted food from the flight attendant . 
I got myself a sandwich for lunch before we arrived shortly in Los Angeles . 
I got off the plane and noted that I had a very pleasant flight . 
I decided one day to plant a tree in my front yard . 
I was unsure of what sort of tree I should plant so I went online and did research as to which type of tree would be best for my situation . 
I settled on a magnificent Norway Pine , as it is common in Northern Minnesota . 
I went out to my nearest greenhouse , which I found via Google Maps , and asked them where they kept their saplings -LRB- as I had read that this is how one should plant a tree -RRB- . 
I got the sapling and brought it home with me . 
It was only six inches high but I knew I could make it grow tall and strong . 
I grabbed a shovel and started to dig , one small hole the size of the pot the sapling was in . 
I carefully took the sapling out of the pot and placed it into the freshly dug hole . 
Filling in the empty parts of the hole with extra dirt , I marveled at my creation . 
That was the day I planted a tree in my front yard . 
My fridge was completely empty , so I knew I had to go get some groceries . 
I drove over to the supermarket and parked my car . 
I grabbed a shopping cart from the front of the store and walked through the big sliding doors . 
It 's amazing how many kinds of food there are to buy there . 
Luckily , I had made a shopping list before I left , so I knew exactly what I needed . 
I walked through the produce section and picked out some of the best fruits and vegetables . 
I picked up a gallon of milk from the dairy section . 
Up ahead was the bakery and some fresh bread . 
Down the middle I was able to pick up some baking soda , flour , and other baking supplies . 
I needed some cereal for breakfast , so I looked around until I found that aisle . 
My cart was just about full when I had everything I needed . 
I headed for the checkout and put all my groceries on the counter . 
The cashier scanned each thing and added up my total . 
I handed him my money , helped him bag up the groceries , and headed out . 
I loaded up the bags into my car , put the cart back up , and headed home . 
Yesterday was my mom 's birthday . 
I wanted to do something special for her , so I decided to bake a cake from scratch . 
I preheated my oven so it was nice and warm by the time i was done preparing the cake batter . 
Then , I gathered all the necessary ingredients for baking a cake . 
There are a lot of ingredients so I wo n't get into much detail about what went into it . 
After gathering all the cake ingredients , now it was time to mix them together . 
I got the largest bowl in my house and put all of the dry ingredients in it . 
Then , in a separate bowl , I mixed together all of the wet ingredients . 
Then i combined the wet and dry ingredients into the large bowl , and began to beat them until it was well blended . 
I poured the cake batter into a cake pan and put the cake in the oven for 30 minutes . 
When it was done , I took it out the oven and let it cool off . 
We had the cake after dinner and it was a huge success ! 
It was a day before last Christmas day . 
Our house is filled with lights and joy . 
On every Christmas day my wife makes very delicious fruit cake . 
It is her own recipe . 
Everyone who had tasted the cake before asked her the recipe . 
We like to have the cake with red wine . 
She needs a lot of preparations beforehand to make this cake . 
She soaked raisins , nuts , and some dried fruits in rum and kept in an airtight container for 40 days . 
After 40 days these fruits absorbed rum and adopted a good flavor . 
So she usually starts her cake preparation almost 40 days prior to Christmas . 
On Christmas eve she started baking process . 
She usually make 5-6 cakes for us and for some friends . 
First she prepared caramel syrup to give the cake that dark color . 
After that she mixed all purpose flour and baking soda . 
We need lots of eggs for preparing the cake . 
I helped her in beating the egg white for cake . 
After mixing every contents well , she poured the mix into the baking pans and kept it in to the oven and set temperature and time to get it done . 
When the oven beeped , she took the baking pan out and kept it aside . 
Once it is cooled she packed cakes for friends . 
Then she cut our cake and served it with home made red wine . 
I can not imagine a Christmas without this cake . 
After having the cake , we went to our friends home and distributed the cakes . 
Flying in an airplane is pretty easy , provided that I 've made it through the airport easily . 
All of the security can take a while , but finally boarding the place makes it worth it . 
I usually try to get a window seat , since I can sit still for the hour or so it takes me to get to the state that my parents live in , and I do not like having someone needing to slide by me every ten minutes or so . 
Once I 'm seated , I 'll listed to the stewardess explain how the seat belt works and the other safety instructions as the plane takes off . 
It can be a little bumpy at first , but I usually take a motion sickness pill before getting on so it does n't bother me that much . 
Then I spend the flight listening to music , reading something on my Nook , or playing a game on my DS . 
Flying in an airplane can be pretty relaxing when I just tune everyone else out . 
Plus , I get to watch the clouds out of the window too . 
As I was getting ready for bed last night , I took a bath . 
I took off my clothes , then turned on the water in the tub . 
I made sure it was n't hot enough to hurt me , and warm enough to be comfortable . 
Once I had it set , I plugged up the drain and let the tub fill up with water . 
I saw there was enough water , so I turned it off and got in the tub . 
I took the bottle of shampoo and put some in my hair . 
As I scrubbed my hair , there were lots of suds . 
I rinsed my hair real well , then took the bar of soap and started washing my body . 
I made sure to get the soap all over me , then rinsed it off afterwards . 
I got out of the tub and pulled the plug , watching all the soapy water go down the drain . 
I grabbed the towel I had set out earlier , and dried myself off . 
I put on my night clothes and hopped in bed for the night . 
I wanted to spend the evening at the theater on Friday . 
There was a good play on in town and I decided to take the bus . 
at 6:30 PM , I walked to the bus stop near my house . 
It was a ten-minute walk in nice weather . 
At the bus stop , I waited only two minutes before the bus arrived . 
I stepped onto the public bus and paid for a one-way ticket . 
The trip into town took fifteen minutes because the bus had other stops to make in the area before returning to the station . 
I saw someone I knew on the bus and we spent most of the travel time talking . 
Then we reached the bus station . 
The driver slowed down , and maneuvered the bus into its numbered space . 
The doors opened and the passengers began to exit , moving together smoothly at a leisurely pace . 
I got off the bus and went to the theater . 
I needed to get to the craft store , there was a sale ! 
Unfortunately , husband had the car and he would be gone a while . 
I decided to take the bus . 
I made sure I had a couple dollars for the fare and walked to the bus stop . 
I waited about ten minutes , then the bus came around the corner and stopped at the bench I was sitting . 
A few people got off the bus and I stepped through the doors onto the bus . 
I smiled at the bus driver and put the money into the machine to pay for my ride . 
I took a seat at an open place and looked out the window . 
The store I was going to was only a few stops away and when I saw we were close , I pulled the cord to signal to the driver I was ready to get off . 
He stopped at the shopping center and I thanked him for the ride as I stepped onto the pavement . 
Taking a bath can be a very relaxing thing to do especially right before bed . 
You can take a bath to clean yourself or just to soak and relax but both can be an enjoyable experience . 
Get your needed items together first . 
This will include a towel for drying off and any personal body supplies such as soaps . 
You may want to take a quick shower off first so that your bath water stays clean as you soak . 
You will want to make sure the tub is clean first and you might want to wipe the bottom and sides off . 
When you are ready for your bath you want to first fill your tub with water using a temperature you find pleasant but make sure you have put the plug in so your water does not drain away . 
Its nice to use bubble bath , or bath salts , or even bath oils . 
When taking a bath setting a relaxing atmosphere is also nice . 
You can turn on some soothing music . 
Candle in the room and around the tub are always nice too . 
I went to the local library in my town yesterday . 
I was dying to read the new book by James Patterson . 
I love mysteries ! 
I was n't sure where to find the mystery section in the library so I asked the librarian . 
She entered the book information into the computer and then told me where I could find the book . 
As it turned out , the mystery section was clearly labeled , as were the books . 
They were in alphabetical order by author . 
I found the P section and located books by Patterson . 
It was easy to find my book . 
I took the book up to the checkout desk . 
The librarian asked for my library card . 
A library card has my name on it and a computer code on it . 
The librarian swiped my card and told me that my book was due back in two weeks . 
I thanked her for helping me . 
She told me that she hoped I enjoyed the book . 
Last week , I decided that I wanted to try a new hairstyle and decided to get a haircut . 
I called my salon and made an appointment for Monday . 
My salon is one of several stores in the Chicago area . 
It is located in a busy shopping area and has a modern and edgy feel . 
Before going to the salon , I found a couple pictures online of haircuts that I liked . 
I saved them on my iPhone to show my stylist . 
I drove to the salon and went inside . 
My stylist greeted me and took me to her chair . 
We talked about the type of haircut I wanted , and I showed her the pictures on my phone . 
She then took me to get my hair washed . 
We went back to her chair . 
She put a cape around my neck . 
She sectioned off pieces of my hair and began cutting it . 
Once my haircut was finished , she used a blowdryer and a curling iron to style my hair . 
I paid the bill and left my stylist a tip . 
Finally , I left the salon . 
I will go back to the salon in three months . 
The first and only time I have rode on a train was in November 1978 . 
My family and I traveled to Carbondale Illinois on an Amtrak train for Thanksgiving . 
I had a brother who attended Southern Illinois University and we had dinner with his family . 
The university is located near Carbondale . 
I remember the ride being long but smooth . 
My sister and I took turns sitting by the window . 
Sometimes all we saw was cornfields and cattle . 
Occasionally , we would pass a small town and see people at different stops . 
We didn ' t order food on the train because we brought our own . 
We actually had brought cakes , pies and sandwiches to carry us over . 
We shared our food with the people around us . 
The whole car sang Christmas carols and there was plenty of laughter . 
I would love to take a train vacation and travel from the West coast back to the East coast . 
When that comes , I think I will eat whatever they are serving on the train . 
I had n't gone for a hair cut in about 7 weeks so I was certainly due . 
The hair around the side of my head was starting to grow over my ears . 
I generally go the same hairdresser and ask for the same person , Sue who is very good at her job and is quite pleasant . 
So I make an appointment with Sue for the following Saturday morning . 
When I arrived the place was rather full with customers , seemingly more woman than men . 
Several people were covered with the big hair drying bag over their head which makes me giggle . 
I was told to go right in the back where the men 's area is located and sat down for my hair cut . 
After having my hair washed by a helper I was soon seated at Sue 's chair and enjoyed our usual small talk while she cut my hair . 
We discussed recent weekend getaways and holiday family gatherings . 
After she was done I gave her my usual tip and was on my way . 
Sometimes my hair gets too long , so I have to get it cut . 
I go to a hair salon to get my hair cut . 
I call the salon to schedule an appointment for a specific time and day . 
They tell me when my appointment is , so I make sure that I have free time that day . 
When I get to the salon , they call my name when they are ready to help me . 
The stylist washes my hair for me , and she asks me what kind of haircut I would like . 
Sometimes I want a trim , but other times I want a big haircut . 
After my hair is washed , I sit in the stylist 's chair . 
She carefully combs and cuts my hair . 
We often talk while she is doing this . 
After she cuts my hair , she blow dries it so I can see how it looks . 
When this is all done , I pay her and I go home . 
This weekend I went to get a haircut . 
I went down town to my favorite barber shop and waited for the barber to be done with his current client . 
I sat and read some magazines while I waited . 
Then when it was my turn . 
If I wanted , I could choose from a selection of hair cuts he had on his walls , or I could ask for something specific , but I just wanted my usual . 
I had n't come in for a hair cut in a while , so I had a lot of hair to remove . 
I sat in his barber chair , and he put a cloth around my neck to keep the hair off of my clothes . 
He sprayed my hair with a little water to keep the loose hair together , and then he began clipping away the larger amounts of hair with a pair of scissors . 
Then when my hair was shorter , he brought out some electric hair clippers and started trimming my hair to an even length . 
The clippers made a loud buzzing noise in my ear , which used to scare me but now I think is kind of fun . 
Finally , he used the scissors again to trim any stray hairs , and then wiped me off and took off the cloth . 
I paid him , shook his hand and thanked him , and left the barber shop with my nice clean hair cut . 
Yesterday I wanted to ride my bicycle to my friends house . 
The weather was nice and I had n't used my bicycle in a while . 
When I got to my garage I realized that I had a front flat tire . 
First I checked if there were any holes in my tire but there were n't . 
That was good because it meant that the tire only needed more air . 
I then went looking for the air pump . 
I found it on one of the shelves . 
I took the cap off the tire valve . 
I put the pump onto the tire valve and began pumping in air . 
After a few seconds I grabbed the tire to see how much more air was needed . 
I did this until I had pumped it up enough . 
I then took the pump off the valve and put the cap back onto the valve . 
I put the pump back where I found it and got on my bicycle . 
I cycled to my friends house and we had a fun time . 
After getting a flat tire on my bicycle , I took my bike into the garage and placed it on my bike repair stand . 
I got all the necessary tools and items ready for repair : my air compressor -LRB- smaller air compressor which serves as my air pump -RRB- , my Alan Key -LRB- Hex Key -RRB- , my spare tire , and tube repair just in case my tire could be saved by patching the inner tube . 
After placing my bike on the stand , I was able to remove the back tire off of the rim and I noticed how the inner tube of the tire could not be saved . 
As a result , I tossed the damaged tire to the side and picked up the spare tire to place it on empty rim . 
After a few moments of fitting the tire to the rim and placing it correctly on , I was able to test to see if the tire would spin and roll correctly . 
I rode the tire around for a few minutes to get a feel for the tire . 
The air was low , so I had to pump it up an additional few pounds of air in order to get it correct . 
The entire process only took me about ten-to-fifteen minutes to complete , and I had my new tire on my bike in no time . 
I was looking in the mirror this morning and noticed my hair had gotten out of control . 
So I decided to get a hair cut . 
I was new to the area , so first I wanted to research all the available barber shops nearby . 
I found three different places , and all with great reviews . 
So I decided to go the closest one to my house . 
When I got there , I had to wait for the 4 people currently waiting before I arrived . 
I started looking at the posters on the wall and came up with some new ideas on what hair cut style I think would look best on me . 
I decided on a buzz cut . 
When it was my turn I told the barber I wanted a buzz cut . 
He trimmed my hair low , then got a fine-edge razor to get my hairline . 
I walked out the barber shop feeling like a new man . 
I arrived at the salon and walked inside . 
At the front counter was a receptionist who asked me if I had an appointment . 
I did have an appointment that I scheduled for that day . 
She let me know that my hairdresser would be ready for me in a few minutes , so I sat down in the lobby and read a magazine for a few minutes . 
I found a picture of a short hairstyle that I really liked . 
When my hairdresser came to the lobby to get me , I showed her the picture of the haircut that I wanted . 
She said that it would be an easy job with my thick hair . 
I followed her back to the salon area , and she motioned for me to take a seat in a big chair . 
I sat down , and she put a cape around my shoulders to prevent hair from sticking to my clothes . 
She brought over a cart with a small tub on it , and told me to lean my neck back while she washed my hair . 
After shampooing my hair , she rinsed it out with water and put it up in a towel to let it dry . 
She rolled the cart away and came back with a comb and pair of scissors , and combed through my hair . 
She applied a special creme to my hair to help nourish it , and then started snipping away . 
Long pieces of my hair fell all around me to the floor . 
She turned my chair around so she could reach the hair in the front of my head , and when she was done she washed her scissors off . 
Then , she dried my hair with a blow dryer and my haircut was fully revealed . 
She took the cape off of me and we chatted for a bit about our days and I thanked her . 
I returned to the receptionist to pay with my credit card . 
Then I left . 
A few weeks ago I decided that it was time for me to get a hair cut . 
Normally it is recommended to get a hair cut every six months , but I had gone quite a bit longer . 
The ends of my hair were splitting , and my bangs were getting longer than I liked them to be . 
I decided to go back to Great Clips , which is a chain that has a location near where I live . 
They do not require an appointment , although you can check-in online ahead of time , so I decided to walk in . 
I drove to the location and found a parking place easily , and there was only one or two other customers there at the time . 
I walked in and gave my name , and they had a record of what I had done at my previous visits . 
The woman who took my name and I told her that I wanted a shampoo and a hair cut . 
She said that she could start right away and led me to a section where I could leave my phone and wallet . 
I put those down , and followed her over to the chair for the shampoo . 
It was very relaxing and did not take much time . 
We then went back to her section and she asked what I wanted done . 
I explained I just wanted about an inch taken off of most of my hair , but my bangs to be cut so they were more above my eyes again . 
We did n't really talk much while she was cutting my hair , and it took her less than ten minutes . 
I did not want my hair blow dried , so she left it wet . 
I went back to the front of the shop with her to pay , and I also made sure to leave her a tip . 
I left the shop and was very pleased with my hair cut . 
I recently was able to enjoy the privilege of riding a train . 
My friend and I had quite a distance to travel . 
After some discuss with several option we decided to take a train to our destination . 
We found out where the train station was located and found the window to buy a ticket to our destination . 
We had our choice of coaches but we chose the cheapest one which meant hard seats that do not recline , no air or food offered in our car section . 
I had no idea that it would take 14 hours to travel to our destination . 
It really felt like a lifetime , especially when you can not get comfortable and find a position to relax . 
We tried several ways of resting but after a few minutes we would get up and reposition ourselves . 
The ride was nice overall though because the conductor would stop every four hours or so to allow for bathroom breaks and food purchases at the stops . 
We took the night train so the majority of the time we would not able to enjoy the view out of the window but when daylight broke and we were able to see outside it made the trip go by quicker . 
So , overall I have to say that it was a very good experience and cheap too . 
I made sure I had my library card with me before I went to the library . 
Then , I looked on the computers for a book I liked . 
I was n't able to find one that well , so I asked a librarian for advice . 
She also looked in the catalog and asked me about what I wanted so she could suggest more options . 
Finally , I found a book I liked . 
I told the librarian I wanted that one , and she wrote down the title , author , and dewey decimal number . 
We went along the bookshelves until we found the correct number range , then started searching the shelves by the author 's last name . 
I found the book and took it to the counter . 
The librarian scanned the book and my card and said I would have to return it in 3 weeks . 
She gave me a receipt . 
I thanked her and noted the due date down on my calendar . 
We had just come home from the beach one Saturday afternoon . 
We had a great time , but were very sweaty , sandy and sticky with old sunscreen , sweat and salt from the ocean . 
After unpacking the car , I had to take a bath . 
I love our deep soaking tub . 
I put in the drain plug and started running the water , making sure the temperature of the water was just right , and put in my favorite bath scents and soap . 
When the tub was full , I immersed myself deep into the tub and just let my body soak for a while . 
It was good to sit in the nice , warm water and let everything just relax and melt away from me . 
I washed my hair with my favorite shampoo , as I had a lot of sand in it from playing at the beach that day . 
I scrubbed my body well with a washcloth , to get off all the sand and ocean salt that had dried on my skin , along with the sunscreen that I had been using . 
It was very relaxing and I felt really good . 
I then pulled the drain on the tub and let all the dirty water go down . 
I had a big , fluffy bath towel that I dried off in , and I put on clean clothes . 
I was ready to finish up our fun day with some dinner and good times with my family . 
My husband and I decided we 'd go down to owning just one car in the fall of 2013 . 
I was not going to be working away from home during 2014 so we thought we could share and most of the time that went pretty well , but there were times when I had to take the bus . 
I knew I needed to get from a final day of teaching , for example , at the university to downtown to meet up with my husband . 
I checked the bus schedules online and determined I needed to take the number 7 bus . 
I plotted this out on my phone as well so I 'd know the time for sure . 
I walked across campus and waited at the stop . 
I had to wait about 10 minutes before the bus came . 
Since this was just one trip I had cash that I put into the bus meter and found a seat . 
The bus made a lot of stops on its way to downtown and I did n't take it as far as I could have to meet up with my husband . 
Instead I got off at an earlier stop once I recognized the area and walked . 
It was a regular stop so I did n't have to pull the cord to ask the driver to let me off . '' 
, True story : 
After a long day , I decided to take a bath . 
I changed out of my clothes into a plush bathrobe . 
I placed a plug in the tub drain so the tub could fill up . 
I turned on the water and adjusted it so it was just the right temperature - hot , but not too hot . 
I sprinkled in some lavender scented bath salts to make it extra relaxing . 
It took about five minutes for the whole tub to fill up . 
I did n't fill it all the way to the top . 
I had to leave some room since I 'd be getting in . 
When it was ready , I dipped my toe in first , testing out the water . 
I hung my robe on the back of the door , and got into the tub . 
I eased in slowly since the water was hot . 
I got nestled in to the water and washed myself with a washcloth and soap . 
Then I leaned my head against the rim of the bathtub . 
I breathed in the aroma of lavender , closed my eyes , and felt my body and mind completely relax . 
I waited at the bus stop for my bus to come pick me up . 
It seemed to be running a little behind today . 
Finally , at 8:03 , the bus pulled up . 
There were other people at the stop as well , so I waited in lined for my turn to get on . 
I climbed the three steps up into the bus , and then deposited my change to pay for the trip . 
The fare was $ 1.50 so I put six quarters into the box . 
Then I walked down the aisle of the bus and looked for an empty seat . 
I found one next to a young person listening to music on their headphones . 
The bus pulled away from the curb . 
As we rode , I looked out the window and watched the stores and houses pass by . 
After about 10 minutes , we reached my stop . 
I waited for the bus to come to a complete stop and then exited , steeping down and then stepping back up the curb onto the sidewalk . 
Time to start another day ! 
I was sitting on my couch when I decided that I had n't taken a bath in a while so I stood up and walked to the bathroom where I turned on the faucet in the sink and began filling the bath with hot water . 
While the tub was filling with hot water I put some bubble bath into the stream of hot water coming out of the faucet so that the tubbed filled with not only hot water , but bubbles . 
Once the tub was almost to the top I turned off the water so that none of the water would overflow onto the bathroom floor . 
I got undressed and entered the tub , making sure that it 's not very hot . 
I relax in the tub until I am happy with my bath and then I get out and dry off with a towel and then get dressed and laid down in my bed and took a nap , feeling very relaxed , content , and happy . 
Last weekend my girlfriend and I decided we would like to make a special treat for Sunday dinner with our families . 
We decided we would make a special dessert to have after the meal . 
We went to the grocery store to get some of the ingredients we thought we would need . 
Once at the grocery store we chose the dessert we were going to serve as a treat for our guests . 
We picked up flour , sugar , and several other ingredients needed to bake a cake . 
Once we returned home we started to mix together a batter for our cake . 
Once the batter was just right we evenly spread it in a pan and placed it in the oven . 
After some time in the oven to bake our cake was ready to take out so we could add frosting . 
After the cake cooled we added the frosting and set it aside to wait for our guests to come and try the delicious treat . 
The first time I ever flew in an airplane was last summer . 
My mother and I bought tickets and had a direct flight from Illinois to Virginia to see my sister . 
I thought it was cool to see what this was like since I always wanted to walk through an airport . 
So in the 21 years I have been alive , I have only flown in an airplane twice . 
We walked into the airport and went through security and waiting by the section where we would board the plane . 
Then we boarded when the flight attendants said the plane was ready . 
We put our luggage under our seats and fastened our seat belts . 
The flight attendants spoke to everyone on the plane and told us the safety procedures and rules for being on the plane . 
We were then towed out to the runway and the plane took off . 
I thought it would be a smooth ride , but boy was I wrong ! 
The plane was so bumpy taking off and the plane was loud . 
Then we landed 4 hours later and undid the seat belts and grabbed out stuff and we walked off the plane and out of the airport . 
I enjoyed the ride and it was so cool flying thought the clouds and being up so high . 
My friend and I were running late this morning . 
We needed to catch our plane , there was no time to shower we just had to grab our luggage and run . 
Since we were not flying out of the country we did n't need our passports , but we made sure to grab our boarding passes before we left the house . 
We called a cab and headed to the airport . 
After we arrived at the airport , we checked our bags and went through security . 
After going through security we headed to our gate and waited to board . 
When they finally said they were boarding our section we boarded the aircraft and put our checked luggage in the overhead compartments and took our seats . 
Our part was done , we now just had to wait for the plane to take off . 
I was chewing gum so that my ears would not pop when we took off . 
Yesterday , I decided to bake a cake for my friend 's birthday . 
First , I preheated my oven to 350 degrees . 
I then took a square cake pan out of my cabinet and rubbed butter all over the pan . 
I sprinkled flour in the pan so that the cake would not stick to it . 
I then took a chocolate cake mix that I purchased yesterday at the grocery store out of my food pantry . 
I opened the cake mix and poured it into a large bowl . 
I measured one cup of water in a measuring cup and poured the water into the bowl with the cake mix . 
I then measured one-third cups of vegetable oil and also poured the oil into the cake mix bowl . 
I went to my refrigerator and got three eggs out of the carton . 
I cracked all three eggs , one at a time , into the bowl . 
I turned on my mixer and mixed the cake mix , water , vegetable oil , and eggs all together in the bowl for about three minutes . 
When all the ingredients were fully mixed together and formed a batter , I poured the batter into the square cake pan . 
Since I had already preheated the oven , I put the pan into the oven . 
I let the cake cook for about twenty minutes until it was done . 
I took the cake out of the oven and let it cool . 
After about thirty minutes , I opened a can of vanilla frosting and spread the frosting across the top of the cake . 
Finally , I placed some birthday candles on the cake to celebrate my friend 's birthday . 
Today , we ate the cake and it was delicious ! 
Yesterday I did my weekly grocery shopping . 
I began the day by checking my cupboards and refrigerator to see what we were out of or running low on . 
As I came across items I needed , I wrote them down on a piece of paper , which I planned to take with me to the store . 
That way , I would n't have to rely on my memory and forget anything . 
I gathered together my cloth grocery bags and put them in the car , then drove to the store . 
Before heading in , I got a grocery cart from outside the store , and took out my shopping list . 
As I went up and down the aisles , I crossed off items on my grocery list as I placed the items in the cart . 
When all the items on my list were in the cart , I wheeled the cart to the check-out line . 
I had to wait in line since there were some people ahead of me . 
When it was my turn , I took the items out of my cart and placed them on the conveyor belt that brought them up to the cashier . 
She took each item and swiped its bar code over a screen that gave her the price . 
When all the items had been checked out , she told me what the total would be . 
I paid for the groceries , and then wheeled my cart over to an area where I could place the groceries into my reusable bags . 
Once that was done , I pushed the cart through the parking lot to my car , where I loaded the bags of groceries into my car , and drove home . 
When I got home , I took the bags into the house and removed all the items from them . 
Putting the groceries away in the cupboards and refrigerator was the final step of grocery shopping day . 
In the early evening , my friend has a birthday party that he has invited me too . 
He knows that I am a good baker , and has asked me to bake a cake for him . 
I obliged , being very excited to make something for my friend . 
I went out to the gorcery store to pick up a few last ingredients that I would need , and after arriving home , set out all my tools necessary to complete the task . 
There was a good chance that some people would n't like the cake , but usually it 's a great hit whenever I bake something . 
After reviewing the recipe and getting the cake in the oven at the correct temperature , I decided taking a quick break would be a good idea . 
I heated leftovers from the night before , and had that for lunch while waiting for my now baked cakes to cool . 
After that , building the cake was so simple ! 
It turned out to my standards , I loved it ! 
Earth day happens every year on April 22 . 
I decided to do something about it later year and went out to plant a tree this year . 
I wondered over to a local tree farm , and bought a sapling with a friend . 
We both borrowed a friend 's pick up truck and drove to a place in the woods that we usually hang out at . 
While we arrived there , it was beautiful weather for the beginning of Spring . 
We went off to the area where we always set up our tents when we go camping . 
We ended up digging near the campsite and removed the bag around the sapling . 
Carefully , we both picked up the tree and placed it in the hole we dug and it fit in perfectly ! 
After that I carefully held the tree in place while my friend filled the hole back with dirt . 
A year later , the tree is still growing in perfect health . 
I 've only ever flown in an airplane once . 
I 'm terribly afraid of flying , but I had enlisted in the US Navy and I had to fly out from Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania to Chicago Illinois to go to boot camp at Recruit Training Command in Great Lakes , Illinois . 
I remember getting to the airport and not being sure of where everything was , because I had never even been to an airport before . 
I was really nervous about the flight , too , so everything just seemed to be happening all at once . 
After boarding the plane , which was much smaller than I had expected , I sat nervously waiting for the plane to start and fully expecting to die at any moment . 
I decided to sit towards the middle of the plane , so that I would n't be the first to die if the plane crashed , which placed me right next to the wing . 
I also decided to sit next to the window so that I 'd know right away if anything went wrong and I 'd have time to panic before I hit the ground . 
After waiting for what seemed like an eternity for the plane to start , we eventually got off the ground and I went into full panic mode and stared out the window for the rest of the flight . 
As we were starting out over Pittsburgh , I noticed that the ground really did n't look like what I expected . 
It seemed like there was water everywhere , like little lakes and ponds , whereas I expected to see streams and creeks because we have them everywhere in this area . 
We just seemed to keep going up . 
We flew up past the clouds and I could n't see the ground anymore . 
The sun seemed much lower in the sky than I thought it was . 
It kind of felt like I could reach out and grab it if I wanted to . 
The sky got noticeably thinner and I could start to see stars and stuff . 
The flight itself was very calm . 
I did n't experience any of the turbulence that I 'd expected and I started to feel a little bit better about flying . 
That was until we started back down . 
I was terrified when we went in to land . 
The plane tilted forward and it felt like we were going straight into the ground , and I started panicking again . 
Of course , though , everything was fine . 
We touched down gently and it was over before I knew it . 
But I promised myself I would never fly again . 
I only flew in that instance because I had to . 
The other night I went grocery shopping and first I drove my car to the store and parked in the parking lot . 
Then I walked into the store and got a shopping cart . 
I took the shopping cart and began walking down the isles while I looked at my shopping list . 
I usually write a shopping list when I go to the store to make sure that I do n't forget anything . 
I grabbed items from many different isles , like grabbing milk from the fridge at the back of the store and some cheese in the isle next to that . 
Once I got everything on my list I took the shopping cart and wheeled it over to the line for the checkout counter and my items are scanned and go down the belt to be bagged . 
Finally a bagger bags my groceries and I put them in my cart and out the door of the grocery store and put the grocery bags in my car and put the cart away in the designated shopping cart drop off point . 
Every Sunday I check our pantry , fridge and freezer to see what I need to buy from the grocery store . 
I also have to check the pet supplies as I have dogs and cats that eat a lot ! 
I carry a piece of paper with me and write down what I need to get . 
I also have an idea of what meals I intend to cook during the week and what ingredients I will need to make those meals , so I add them to the list . 
I know which store or stores I am going to visit and I know the layout of the store so I try and make my list in the same order that the items will be found once I get there . 
I pick up a cart on the way into the store and head for the first aisle that I need to visit . 
Most supermarkets have their frozen foods at one end so I start at the other end as it is best to buy frozen items last so they do n't start to melt while I 'm walking round the store . 
I work my way through my shopping list , selecting items off the shelf and placing them into my cart , trying not to squash lighter things under heavy things and also making sure I buy items that have a use by date that is later than the day I intend to use them . 
I am also keeping an approximate idea of how much everything costs so I have some idea of my total bill . 
When I am done with everything I wait at a checkout . 
There is nearly always someone in front of me but the checkout people work fast and I never wait for long . 
I place all my items on the conveyor belt and the person on the checkout counter scans them for prices . 
The prices all add up on a screen in front of me so I can see how much I am spending . 
While the checkout person scans my items another shop assistant packs all my items carefully into bags and places them back in my cart . 
When I am finished I am always asked if I need any help taking my bags to the car but I always refuse as I think other people in the store need help more than I do . 
I load the car and drive home and then have to put everything into the pantry , freezer or refrigerator . 
That is my least favorite part of grocery shopping ! 
My friend 's yard needed some more shade to help make it cooler during the summer . 
We both decided to plant a tree to help with the problem . 
We went to the store and bought a small tree that we could plant and grow . 
We then took it home . 
The next step was to plant it . 
We had to dig up a hole in the backyard to plant it in . 
We used shovels and a wheelbarrow to pick up the dirt and take it away . 
When the hole was good enough , we planted the tree in the hole . 
We then made sure to put back some of the dirt around the root and base of the tree to make sure it was secure . 
After we were sure the tree was secure , my friend and I watered the area surrounding it to make sure it would grow properly . 
We hope that the tree will offer some shade by next summer . 
I did my research and made sure that whatever tree I was planting could survive in my region , since my state can get cold . 
I checked to make sure it was okay to plant the tree . 
Since my parents were the land-owners , they said yes . 
I made sure to plant it far away from the house and any piper or wires . 
That way , when it grew larger , it would not be dangerous . 
I decided to plant a pine tree . 
They are not as messy in the fall , because they have needles that they keep instead of leaves that they shed . 
I bought a small sapling at a store . 
Growing a tree from a seed is more difficult . 
I dug a hole in the ground wide enough to hold the roots well and about 4 inches deep . 
I gently removed the tree from its container and placed it into the hole . 
Then , I covered the hole back up with soil and watered the tree . 
Flying in an airplane is always exciting . 
The day before , I always make sure that my bags are packed . 
If you are bringing a carry on , pack that as well but make sure you follow guidelines for liquids . 
Also make sure your bags do not weigh too much to avoid extra charges . 
The morning of your flight , make sure you get there one or two hours early , depending on the size of the airport . 
Check your bags in necessary and recieve your boarding ticket . 
After that , you can head over to security . 
At Security , take off your shoes and any metal and put them in a bin along with your phone and carry on . 
When the guard tells you to do so , walk through the scanner . 
Once cleared , you can grab your things back . 
Now wait until your flight is called to board . 
When it is time , hand oyur boarding pass the the flight attendant and take you seat . 
Stow your carry on and buckle your seatbelt . 
Watch the flight attendant give the safty demonstration , and enjoy your flight ! 
I wanted to make my girlfriend her favorite roasted chicken dinner a few days ago . 
I realized that I did n't have everything I needed and had to go the grocery store for it . 
I drove to the store and got out and walked inside . 
After making a short list in my head , I wandered the aisles and grabbed the chicken , fresh vegetables and all of the necessary ingredients for the meal , as it has a lot of them . 
After grabbing everything I needed I then walked to the checkout counter . 
It was a very long line and I had to wait for a long time to purchase my items . 
The cashier apologized over and over and thanked me for being so patient . 
I then paid for my items and walked out to my car . 
I placed the goods into it and made sure to put my shopping cart back into the area with the rest of them . 
It was a bit of a stressful visit to the grocery store , but in the end , I made a successful dinner . 
Yesterday , I decided to bake a simple white cake for my friend 's birthday . 
I went the store to purchase all the ingredients I would need : sugar , butter , eggs , all-purpose flour , baking soda , milk and vanilla extract for the cake , along with powdered sugar to make a basic vanilla frosting . 
Once I arrived home , I preheat my oven to 350 degrees . 
I measured the amount of each ingredient I would need . 
In my mixer , I combined all of the cake ingredients to form a smooth batter . 
I poured the batter into a pan that was coated with cooking spray . 
I baked the cake for 35 minutes and turned off the oven . 
I let the cake cool for several hours . 
While waiting , I used powdered sugar , butter , milk and vanilla to make the vanilla frosting . 
Once the cake had cooked , I decorated it with the frosting . 
I decided to add a couple strawberries on top to make the cake look nicer . 
I was watching a cooking show yesterday on television about different recipes for cake mix cakes . 
I saw a recipe that looked good . 
I had a Red Velvet chocolate cake mix in a box and the blueberries required . 
I 'm too adventurous for my own good . 
I figured I 'd try it . 
I tossed the blueberries with sugar and put them in the baking dish . 
I then mixed butter and a little milk with the cake mix . 
I put it on top of the blueberries . 
I put it in the oven . 
It was supposed to be like a cobbler . 
The cake was pretty bad . 
The bottom was all watery and the cake mix was super mushy because of all the liquid . 
The first couple of bites were okay . 
That was about all anyone could eat . 
I even tried to get the juice out . 
I 'm tossing it this morning . 
Recently , my kids reminded me that Arbor Day was approaching . 
I always wanted to do something in honor of my mom , and why not plant a tree that I could watch grow in our backyard . 
The tree would help with the Arbor Day festivities , as well as be a memory tree that is in dedication of my mom . 
We went to our local home improvement store in search of the perfect tree for our task . 
The kids decided that we should have some sort of fruit tree , and what better tree than an orange tree , because after all we do live in Florida . 
Once we got the tree , a worker assisted us in loading the tree onto my truck , and home bound we were . 
Once we got home , we decided on a spot for the tree , and began to dig a hole to place the tree into . 
We placed the tree in the hole , and then covered back up the hole . 
We then watered the tree , and the process of watching the tree grow began . 
Last week , I decided to travel to see my brother . 
I went to the airport with my luggage and checked in with the airline , where I received my ticket from the clerk . 
My luggage was weighed and tagged and I gave it to the clerk . 
I proceeded upstairs with my ticket and waited in line to go through airport security . 
Once I went through the security checkpoint , I located the concourse area and gate where my flight was to depart from . 
I sat and waited until my flight was boarding . 
I then got up and waited in line to get on the airplane . 
While I was waiting in line , I checked my seat number . 
Once I was on the plane , I located my seat and sat down . 
I then buckled my seat belt and took out a book to read during the flight . 
As the plane prepared to take off , the flight attendant went over all of the emergency procedures . 
Once the plane was flying in the air , the flight attendant asked me if I wanted a beverage . 
I choose to have a cup of orange juice and was also given a bag of pretzels as a snack . 
I continued to read my book with my seat belt on until the Captain of the flight came over the loud speaker and said that we were approaching our destination . 
The plane landed and I put my book away . 
When I got off of the plane , my brother was waiting for me at the gate . 
We had a very nice trip together . 
Today I am taking an airplane to go visit my grandmother . 
I bought the ticket a few weeks ago and last night I packed my suitcases with clothes and the other items I would need for my trip . 
I woke up early today and got my ID and my suitcase and headed for the airport . 
After I parked my car , I went to the check in counter and showed the worker my ID . 
She printed out a ticket for me , checked in my suitcase and told me what gate to head to in order to catch my flight . 
As I got close to the gate I went through security where they scanned my purse and carry-on bag then had me remove my shoes and walk through the metal detectors . 
I put my shoes back on and got my bags and then sat down and waited for my flight to start boarding . 
When they made an announcement that my plane was boarding , I got in line and waited my turn . 
Once I got on the plane I looked at my ticket to find my seat number , found my seat and sat down and buckled my seat belt . 
After everyone was done boarding , the pilot announced we were clear for take off and the plane began to move . 
This weekend , I decided I wanted to try baking my first cake . 
I found a recipe online for an easy to make cake , printed out a list of the ingredients , and went to the grocery store to get them . 
I knew about some of the common things , like eggs , flour , and sugar , but the list helped me get a lot of things I did n't own and would n't know to get . 
When I got home , I followed the recipe as closely as I could , adding each of the ingredients at the exact amount of the recipe asked for . 
I mixed them all up as described , and put them into a pan that I had borrowed from my mother . 
I put the pan in the oven and let the cake cook . 
I checked on it occasionally to see if it was looking ok , and because I was really excited to see how it was turning out . 
When it was done in the oven I removed it , and applied an extra thick coat of frosting . 
I was supposed to wait for the cake to cook , but I was too excited to try it out and ate it much sooner than recommended . 
It was delicious ! 
Last night , I had to bake a cake for my son 's birthday party . 
I decided to go online to find a recipe to follow that a lot of people seemed to like . 
I found a great chocolate cake recipe and printed it out . 
Once it was done being printed , I brought it into the kitchen and started gathering supplies . 
Among the supplies were eggs , flour , sugar , and more . 
First thing 's first : I had to set the oven for 350 degrees . 
The best way to follow a baking recipe is by adding the dry ingredients like flour and baking powder together first . 
Once those are mixed together , the wet ingredients are mixed together and added to the dry ingredients . 
I followed the measurements in the recipe and mixed together the cake batter . 
I grabbed a rectangle cake pan , oiled it and shook some flour around the edges . 
I poured the cake into the pan and put it into the oven for about 18 minutes . 
When I thought it was done , I checked the cake with a toothpick by putting it in the middle . 
The toothpick came out clean , without any batter on it , so I knew the cake was done . 
I let it cool for a few hours , added icing , and enjoyed it at the birthday party . 
After going to the gym , I knew I needed to take a bath . 
I went to the bathroom and turned the faucet on in the tub while plugging the drain to fill it . 
When the water was at a good level I shut the water off . 
I took off all my dirty gym clothes . 
I then made sure the temperature of the water was nice and warm before I slowly got inside . 
I soaked in the water for a little while before I grabbed a bar of soap and scrubbed and cleaned my body with it . 
I also used some shampoo to clean my hair . 
After dipping into the water to rinse all the shampoo and soap off my body , I unplugged the drain and emptied the water from the tub . 
I got out and dried myself with a towel . 
It sure made me feel a lot better to be clean after a workout . 
I needed a bath . 
I turned on the cold and hot taps to let the bathtub fill with warm water . 
Then I got a towel and draped it over the curtain rod . 
I took off my clothes and grabbed my favorite rubber ducky from a shelf . 
I dropped him into the tub . 
If I needed a bath , so did he . 
I also poured some bubble bath into the tub as it was filling with water . 
It foamed up into lots of bubbles . 
When the tub was full enough , I turned off the water and got into the tub , being careful not to slip on the slippery porcelain . 
I lay back in the warm water and shut my eyes , relaxing . 
When the water started to get cold , I stood up and grabbed the towel from the curtain rod . 
I draped it around myself and then opened the tub 's drain so the water could drain out . 
I went off to get dressed , and when I was done I went back to the bathroom and turned the shower on for a minute so the bubbles would all go down the drain . 
I picked up my rubber ducky and gave him a squeeze until he quacked . 
Then I put him on the shelf until next time . 
Yesterday , I went to the bus stop . 
I waited for the bus with a few others . 
The bus arrived . 
When I got on , I scanned my bus pass on the bus pass scanner and then took my seat . 
The bus was not crowded , so I was able to take a seat near the front . 
I sat quietly , playing with my cellphone . 
Others stared around or talked quietly amongst themselves . 
A bell rang every few blocks to indicate someone wanting to get off . 
The bus would stop , let people off , and let new people on . 
The bus started to get crowded so I offered my seat to an older woman . 
She thanked me for the polite etiquette . 
I saw my stop coming up , so I pulled the lever and the bell rang again . 
The bus stopped a few moments later . 
I thanked the bus driver for his services and exited the bus . 
Borrowing a book from the library is quite a fun task . 
Make sure you have a library card first . 
If not , you can ask the librarian about how to sign up for one . 
Library cards are usually free . 
Next , you 'll want to find a book that you 'll want to read . 
If you have something in mind already , then you 'll head over to the computers and use the search to find the book . 
The computer search will tell you where exactly in the library the book is located , or it might tell you the book is not at this library and that you 'll have to request that they send it to the library for pick up later . 
If the book is available , navigate through the shelves to find the book . 
Each book has a unique number that is in order which makes finding the book pretty easy . 
Once you have located the book , bring the book with you to the counter and finish checking out the book . 
Be sure to remember when you have to return the book by ! 
A friend of mine told me about a book she liked and I wanted to read it . 
I did n't want to buy the book , though , so I decided to go to the library . 
When I first got to the library , I had to register for a library card because you ca n't check out books without it . 
So , I went to the front desk , filled out a form and then waited . 
The lady at the desk made my library card right then and handed it to me . 
Then I asked her where I would find the book I was looking for and she showed me the right bookshelves . 
I located the book right away and took it from the shelf , but then I stayed to look around for more books . 
The library has a card catalog where you can look up any book you want and the catalog will tell you which shelf to go to for the book . 
So , I used the card catalog to find two more books and then took all my books back to the front desk to check them out . 
The lady at the front desk scanned a bar code in the back of the book and that registered them as checked out to me . 
She told me I would have four weeks to read them . 
After she was finished , I picked up the books and left the library . 
Recently I was invited to a function at a church with a downtown location . 
I live in a large city that has trains that travel within the city and also go to nearby towns . 
There are several routes that the trains travel called lines and they are named by colors : red , green and orange . 
This is so passengers know what train to take to get where they want to go . 
The last time I went to that church I had a lot of trouble finding a parking spot , so I decided to take the train there . 
I knew that the train station was only a few blocks away from the church so it would be easy to get to the church . 
I drove to the train station closest to my house , and parked the car in the parking lot . 
I walked to the station , where there were many benches for passengers to sit while they waited for their trains . 
There was a machine on the platform that let you choose what type of ticket you needed . 
You could buy a ticket for only going one way or a round trip . 
I chose the round trip ticket since I wanted to take the train to the church and back again . 
The machine had a display that told me how much money I needed to deposit in the little slot . 
I put the money in the machine and my ticket popped out . 
I waited for my train to arrive . 
When it did , the doors opened and lots of people got off the train . 
I got on and everyone who was waiting for the train got on , too . 
I looked for a seat . 
I picked a seat that was facing forward , but there were seats that faced the center of the train and even ones that faced backward . 
The train 's doors shut and the train started to move along the rail . 
It went very fast . 
The train had windows on both sides and I looked out at the sights as we sped along . 
In a few minutes it stopped at another station , and some people got off and others got on . 
Pretty soon the conductor walked up and down the aisle asking to see everyone 's ticket . 
I showed her my ticket and she nodded and smiled . 
At the next station , the train stopped . 
This was the station that was closest to the church , so I got off . 
When it was time to go home , I waited at the station for the train that would take me home again . 
Taking the train is a lot of fun , and sometimes a lot easier than driving . 
Instead of driving up to visit my husband 's sister 's family in SF , we decided to take the train ! 
I bought the tickets online and printed them out a few days before we left . 
I packed some bags and some snacks for our trip and made some plans to go to breakfast prior to departure . 
We were late getting out the door , of course . 
We parked our car and got to the station within a few minutes -LRB- luckily ! -RRB- 
. 
We carried our suitcases onto the car , stored our luggage appropriately , and took our assigned seats . 
I gave my husband his ticket in the circumstance he wandered off and was stopped by an attendant . 
We began to talk about what we wanted to do on our visit , as the train began to roll away from the station . 
He decided to find us coffee and breakfast , and I decided to take a quick nap while he was gone , knowing that it was just an excuse to explore for a bit . 
It all began when I woke up in the morning and noticed the messiest hair I had ever seen in my entire life . 
I looked like a porcupine with its burrs all sticking straight out in every direction . 
There was no way I was going to be seen in public like this . 
I hurried to get ready and wet my head completely to make it seem like it was a normal hairdo . 
I quickly went to the barber shop to get a complete buzz so that I will never have to see that ugly porcupine hair ever again . 
The barber quickly buzzes my hair and then blends it together so that it looks normal . 
We talk during the appointment about my life and how my school is . 
She is a very nice lady and we get along quite well . 
The haircut only costs $ 15 but I pay with a $ 20 and let her keep the change . 
I believe everyone who does a good job deserves a tip ! 
It was finally the day , I was going to donate all of my hair to make wigs for people with cancer . 
I had been growing my hair out for 2 years and today was the day my plan would come to fruition . 
I headed to the barber shop , my head filled with ideas on how I should get my hair styled . 
I finally settled on the idea of getting a high and tight , after so long having long hair ; short hair would be a great change of pace . 
I walked in the door of the barber shop and I waited until one of the barbers had a free chair . 
The man asked how I wanted my hair cut , I told him I would like a high and tight , but I needed him to cut off the long ponytail that I was going to donate . 
After all the formalities he got to work and styled my hair , we idly chatted the whole time he was cutting my hair . 
After he was finished I paid and took my hair with me . 
It would be mailed away for a good cause today . 
Yesterday while I was riding my bike I got a flat tire . 
Luckily I had a tire repair kit in the garage . 
It 's very easy to do . 
The first thing I did was use a flathead screwdriver to pop the tire off of the rim . 
The tire is hollow inside , with no tube . 
The patch kit contains small rubber patches with glue , that you use to seal up any holes that might appear . 
When I had the tire off the rim I looked all around inside to find the hole . 
When I found it , I used a special piece of sandpaper inside the repair kit to clean off the area around the hole , so the glue would stick nicely . 
I then applied the glue and put one of the small rubber patches onto it . 
The instructions said to let it dry for a few hours , so I went inside and watched TV . 
After awhile I came back out and put the tire back on the rim , then used a pump to pump the tire full of air . 
Sure enough , it fixed the hole ! 
The Flat Tire It was a beautiful sunny day with only a slight breeze . 
It seemed to me like a perfect day for a bicycle ride . 
I thought I would ride on the bike trails to the park and enjoy my day . 
However , when I went out into the garage , I saw that the back tire on my bicycle was flat . 
Luckily , I had a spare tire on hand . 
The tire that was flat had been on my bicycle for a couple of years now , it needed replaced anyway . 
I remembered how my dad had taught me to replace the tire and got the job done . 
It did not take as long as I thought it might . 
I kept the old tire to see if I could patch it up later and put air in it to have on hand as a spare when I needed one . 
After my new tire was on my bike , I went for the ride to the park that I planned and had a great time . 
It was a sunny afternoon so my friend and I went decided to go for a ride on our bicycles in the woods . 
I did n't check the air pressure beforehand and thought it would be okay . 
As we were riding through the trails in the woods the terrain was more rough than I had expected and the the tire went flat . 
I got off my bicycle and knelt down to check the condition of the tire to see if there were any punctures . 
There were n't any and it was just out of air . 
It was a good thing my friend packed an air pump . 
I stuck the needle from the air pump into the tire and started to pump air . 
The bicycle tire started to inflate and it was good as new . 
I packed the air pump and handed it back to my friend and continued our bicycle adventure in the woods . 
I recently got a haircut . 
I was n't happy with my previous haircut , so I wanted to try someplace new . 
I searched online for barbers and salons that were highly rated in the area . 
I finally decided on one that was fairly close by , highly reviewed , and had fair prices . 
I called the salon and made an appointment for the next day . 
Upon arriving , I was greeted by a very nice hair stylist . 
She had me sit in the chair and asked me how I wanted my hair cut . 
I told her exactly what I wanted and she understood completely . 
She went to work immediately , we made small talk . 
She was very friendly . 
After she cut my hair , she washed it . 
After drying my hair , she added a little wax to style the hair . 
I was very happy with the haircut . 
I then paid and gave her a tip for her service . 
My hair grows so fast . 
The other day I noticed it was getting a little wild . 
I thought to myself , '' `` It is time for a hair cut ! '' '' 
I have heard of a great salon in town called Cuts-R-Us and thought I would give it a try . 
I looked up the phone number , and I gave them a call . 
A girl named Gina answered the phone and asked how she could help . 
I told her that I need an appointment for a hair cut . 
We set the appointment for 2:00 the next day . 
This is exciting to try a new salon ! 
The next day rolled around and I went to Cuts-R-Us at about 1:45 , it never hurts to be a little early . 
Gina greeted me and said that Shelly would be cutting my hair . 
Shelly was just finishing up with a client and cleaning her area . 
Shelly called me over and we discussed what style I would like . 
I just wanted a trim with some layers . 
Shelly put a cape around my neck and adjusted my chair . 
She got a water bottle and sprayed my hair ; it is easier to cut wet hair . 
She then cut , cut , and cut some more . 
It took a long time . 
Shelly blow dried my hair and styled it for me . 
It looks very nice now ! 
She used a little brush to get small stray hairs off of my face , and then she removed my cape . 
I went up to the cash register where Gina complemented my new cut . 
I paid for my hair cut and left a little tip for Shelly . 
Sometimes , when someone does a good job , I like to give them a little extra to show my appreciation . 
Then I went home . 
I enjoyed the services at Cuts-R-Us , and I love my new cut ! 
I had made an appointment at my favorite salon earlier in the month , with my preferred stylist . 
I usually keep on a schedule of getting my hair trimmed up once a month , and this time was no different . 
I got inside and informed the girl at the desk who I was and that I already had an appointment . 
She logged it down and told me that I could have a seat , while my preferred stylist finished up with her previous client . 
I used the time to catch up on some light reading and listening to the radio station that was being played over the speakers in the salon . 
The girl at the desk let me know when I could be seated at my stylist 's station . 
She started to make small talk as she put the cape over my shoulders to catch the trimmed hairs . 
I told her that I just needed my hair reshaped and she got to work . 
She chats a bit while working and I made polite conversation with her . 
She snipped away with sharp scissors and used a small comb to part my hair and fix the layers . 
When she was done , I told her that it looked great and that I was very happy with it . 
She brushed the hair snips off of the cape and removed it . 
I thanked her and went back to the desk at the front to pay . 
I head to the beauty salon where my sister works as a hair dresser so I can get a hair cut . 
She always knows when I am coming so I never have to wait in line . 
I sit down in the chair and say '' `` the usual . '' '' 
and she gets right to work . 
She cuts the sides first and asks if I want to do something different with the top of my head but I always decline and like to keep my normal hair cut . 
When she 's all done cutting she blow drys the hair off of me . 
When that 's done I walk over to the sink to get my hair washed because there is a lot of little hair pieces that might get in my clothes and make me itchy . 
She shampoos and conditions my hair then dries my hair with a towel . 
I never have to pay full price so I give my sister a nice tip on the side . 
Getting my hair cut is always fun . 
I paid a visit to the library a couple of days ago . 
After getting off work at 5pm , I walked over to a library branch a couple of blocks from my home . 
I was looking to borrow a novel that I 'd been meaning to read for some time . 
I got there at around 6pm . 
I first logged onto one of the library computers to confirm that the book was still there . 
After confirming this , I went upstairs to the fiction section , located on the second floor of the library . 
Once I was in the fiction section . 
I walked over to the bookshelves and searched for the novel , successfully finding it fairly quickly . 
I then walk downstairs to the library 's checkout desk . 
I placed the book onto the counter and also took my library card from my wallet . 
I showed the librarian the card , where she then checked out the book after scanning my card . 
Next , once it came out , she handed me a receipt where the return date was printed on . 
Once I received this , I walked to my apartment with the novel in my hand . 
I was really looking forward to reading the novel . 
My five year old son loves to read books , so today we both decided to head towards the library to pick one out . 
Before leaving the house I made sure he had his library card with him because without it he would n't be able to borrow a book . 
When we entered the library we went straight towards the kid section . 
There were thousands of books to choose from and he had a little trouble making up his mind . 
Finally we found a book about the different type of sea animals in the ocean . 
He was very excited as he flipped through the pages of the book . 
When he decided this was the book he wanted to take home , we make our way towards the librarian . 
She greeted us with a friendly hello and asked my son for his library card . 
She scanned the card and book then handed them both back to my son . 
She informed us when the book was due back and we both thanked her and wished her a pleasant day . 
I took a public bus to get the work this morning . 
At around 8 am , I left my apartment and walked to the nearest bus stop which was about a 10 minute walk from home . 
Once I got there , I waited for the bus to arrive along with two other people . 
After about 15 minutes , an express bus heading to Manhattan arrived . 
I boarded the bus and paid the driver my fare . 
I then walked to a window seat near the front of the bus , that was free . 
It was pretty early , and the bus was initially somewhat empty . 
However , several stops later , the bus was filled with fellow commuters heading to work . 
Along the way , the bus passed through about 5 different towns while traveling on local roads , before headed out to the George Washington Bridge to get to Manhattan . 
While getting there , the bus ran into a traffic jam which caused a 20 minute delay . 
After working its way through traffic , the bus made it onto the bridge , and several minutes later , we were at the bus terminal on 178th Street . 
Once we got there , the bus stopped and the driver let us out , whereby I then walked to the office . 
I ride the bus almost every day , and yesterday was no exception . 
I was taking a trip to a donation center to drop off some items . 
Before I went out to the bus stop , I checked my phone for schedules and live info on where the bus is so I could spend the least amount of time waiting for the bus . 
Once it was time , I ran out to the bus stop with my wallet and my bus card - a pass containing all the fare money I use electronically . 
Once I was on the bus , I scanned my pass , looked for an open seat , and sat down . 
When my stop was nearby , I pulled a cord that made a signal on the bus to let the driver know I needed him to stop there . 
I gathered my belongings and got off the bus , using the rear exit so I do n't bump into anyone who might be boarding in front . 
It 's been a while since I have taken a bath , I usually shower . 
When I do bathe , I tend to make a big deal of it , with bubble bath or bath oil , and book to read in the tub , and very hot water . 
Some bubble bath comes in carnation fragrance , and sometimes I have a packet in one of the bathroom drawers . 
If I have one , I put in the bathtub plug and open the packet and empty it under the bath tap . 
I turn on only the hot water , because at my house it starts out cold and only gradually heats up . 
I do test the temperature on my arm and adjust it as the tub fills . 
I get fresh clothes and put them on the counter . 
I also get an old paperback book , and put it by the tub . 
Finally I undress , and usually put the clothes I 'm taking off in the hamper . 
I do all this rather slowly , because the tub fills so slowly . 
I climb in carefully , and again slowly , because the water is so hot . 
I slither down in the tub , so I am buried in suds . 
Then I pick up my book and start to read . 
Chances are , unless I 'm really grubby I wont scrub until the bubbles start to diminish , if then . 
I just let the heat soak into me . 
Finally I wash , emphasizing body folds , using just bar soap , no washcloth . 
I drain the bath tub and stand up , and sometimes I 'll shower quickly to refresh myself , because I 'm so relaxed I could fall asleep where I stand . 
I climb onto the mat and get dressed , usually ready for bed . 
After a very tough workout with some friend 's at the gym , I was very sore and wanted to take a bath to help my soreness and get clean . 
I remembered that mom bought me something to put inside of the bath that helped soothe sore muscles . 
I grabbed it from the cabinet and turned the water on to very hot . 
After about 3 minutes , the tub was full and I poured some of the mixture in it and it became very bubbly and smelled great . 
I slowly placed myself into the bathtub and lit a few candles to help me relax , as I had a very long day . 
After about 30 minutes of soaking in the very warm water , I got out of the tub , dried myself and then drained it . 
After it fully drained , I ran some more water in order to fully rinse all of the soap mixture down the drain , leaving a very clean tub . 
After this , I changed into comfortable clothes and enjoyed my evening . 
It was a very relaxing bath . 
I decided to bake a cake for my daughter 's birthday . 
I had gone to the grocery store to buy one , but nothing looked very good and they were really expensive for what I was getting . 
I figured that I could make a better cake myself . 
I figured that I have seen cooking shows and said , '' `` How hard could it be ? '' '' 
I bought a Betty Crocker Triple Chocolate Fudge cake mix and I thought it looked pretty good . 
I went to the frosting and found some Oreo frosting mix and thought it would be perfect because my daughter loves Oreo cookies . 
Then , I grabbed a box of Oreo cookies , some eggs , milk , and some oil . 
I did not know if I had all of that at home , but I figured they would not go to waste . 
I came home and mixed everything and put it in the oven . 
I tested the cake before taking it out of the oven with a toothpick . 
Coming out clean , I decided the cake was done . 
I had pour the cake mix into two baking pans because my plan was to make a two layered cake . 
I saw on a cooking show that you are supposed to cut the top of one of the cakes so that the top was flat . 
I managed to do that pretty well and I ate the cake with some milk . 
It was pretty tasty . 
So , next , I got the frosting and put it on the first layer , and then on the second . 
I thought it looked pretty good . 
I carefully chopped some oreos up and sprinkled them on the top of the cake . 
To further top it off , I cut a few cookies in half and stuck them pointing up in a circle around the outside of the cake . 
It looked really good . 
My wife was really surprised that I had made it myself . 
My daughter was really happy and everyone liked the cake . 
On Saturday , I woke up to a nice day and realized that I had some free times on my hands . 
I decided to do a little baking to enjoy my day and relax . 
I have always enjoyed baking and this would be the perfect opportunity to bake something for my grandmother , who 's birthday was right around the corner . 
I got out the cake mix , the frosting and the sprinkles and started baking the cake . 
I put all of the cake mix into a big bowl and began to stir it . 
I then put the cake mix into a pan for cooking and pre-heated my oven . 
After my oven was done pre-heating I placed the pan into the oven . 
I waited for it to finish before taking out the freshly baked cake . 
I then took the frosting and brushed it against the outside of the cake . 
Following that I tossed some sprinkles on the top to make it look nice . 
I then put it in the fridge to save for my grandmother . 
I decided I really wanted to bake a cake so I hopped into the car and drove to the grocery store . 
I bought flour , sugar , eggs , and some cocoa . 
All the other ingredients I had at home already . 
Once I got home I got out my big mixing bowl and measuring cups and spoons . 
I pre-heated the oven to 400 degrees and started pouring ingredients into the mixing bowl . 
After all the ingredients were mixed , I greased a cake pan and poured in the batter . 
I put the pan in the oven and started mixing the ingredients for the frosting in a new bowl . 
After baking for a while , I took the cake out and stuck in a toothpick to make sure the center was done . 
I let the cake cool for a bit and then put the frosting on it . 
After frosting went on , I cut it into pieces and put one on a plate for myself and another for my friend . 
Every year we celebrate Arbor Day . 
Last year we we decided to celebrate the holiday by planing a tree . 
We went to the local plant nursery . 
We talked to the employees to find out which trees grow well in our area and in the type of soil we have . 
We chose a small maple seedling . 
When we got home , we chose an area of our yard with lots of sun . 
We dug a hole just a little bigger than the roots of our seedling . 
We put the seedling in the hole in the ground very carefully , then covered the roots with dirt . 
We patted the dirt down really good to make sure the little tree seedling would be stable in the ground when it was windy . 
Then we watered the tree . 
We 've been watching and watering our tree for a year and slowly but surely our little tree is growing . 
I had always been nervous about flying and had never been on an airplane , so I was very nervous when I realized I had to fly for a business trip a while back . 
I did research on the internet and once I felt reasonably comfortable I went on a travel website to look at itineraries . 
Once I found the flight times I wanted between the airports I wanted , I input my information into the website and booked the flights . 
On the day of flight , I made sure to get to the airport a couple hours early . 
I went through security and checked my bags . 
Finally , they called for boarding . 
I walked down the walkway and onto the plane . 
I found my seat and placed my carry on luggage in the overhead compartment . 
I sat down and listened to the flight attendant 's obligatory pre-flight instructions . 
I fastened my seatbelt and glanced out the window as we went down the runway . 
We took off , climbed to cruising altitude , and then the descent came . 
Finally , we landed . 
We went back to the gate , and departed the plane . 
That is how I flew on an airplane . 
I decided to bake a cake the other day . 
I took a look around my kitchen and I had everything I needed , so I did n't need to go to the store . 
I pulled up a recipe on my tablet and started collecting all the ingredients . 
Once I had everything on the counter , I looked at what measures I would need and got out the cups and teaspoons and all the bowls I 'd need to mix it in . 
I started by measuring out the dry ingredients like flour and sugar and put them in the bowl . 
Then I added things like the eggs and milk and mixed it all up using my electric mixer . 
About halfway through I turned the oven on to preheat . 
I finished mixing everything and got it into the cake pan . 
I set a timer and stated putting the dirty dished in the sink to wash . 
I decided that they would keep for a little while and waited until later that night . 
When the cake was done I let it cool off and put chocolate frosting on it . 
Everyone agreed it was a really good cake , and washing the dishes was n't that hard . 
I think I 'll bake a little more often . 
I love going grocery shopping ! 
I have a very specific way that I approach it and I do the same thing each week . 
On Tuesdays , the grocery ads come out for the week . 
I look through them and make a list of what is on sale . 
I meal plan around those things . 
Once I have a list of what I will be cooking , I write those ingredients down along with all of the other things I want or need . 
I separate them by department . 
I put all of the dairy items together , then the meat items , followed by the produce , and so on . 
This makes it more efficient when I am pushing a cart through the store . 
Once I 'm at the store , I select my items quickly . 
I usually buy the same brands and often the same items each week , so I know where everything is . 
When I 'm ready , I go to the checkout and put it all on the belt so I can pay for it . 
I love grocery shopping but I hate to put it all away when I get home ! 
While preparing a dinner of Spaghetti and Meatballs tonight , I realized I needed to go grocery shopping to restock my refrigerator . 
It was still early and the store wasn ' t close so I made a trip to the store . 
I grabbed a shopping cart because I ' m out of eggs , bread , orange juice , milk etc . 
I don ' t like can foods but I like to keep some stocked in my cabinet just in case . 
I needed corn , beets , soup etc. . 
I had to eat bread ends because I was out of whole wheat bread . 
The store wasn ' t so crowded considering it would be closing in an hour or so . 
I got in the shortest line and of course the register broke down . 
I waited and waited . 
I could have gotten out of line but I didn ' t . 
When I finally got to the register , it was time for my checker to leave . 
I had to wait until an assistant manager signed in the register to ring up my purchases . 
The register was out of tape so I was delayed again . 
I wished I ' d waited until tomorrow . 
There were no baggers to bag my groceries so I did it myself . 
My total came to $ 51.34 and I only had $ 20.00 cash on me . 
That ' s all I thought I was going to spend . 
I gave the clerk a credit card which didn ' t go through and the people behind me started blowing and hissing under their breath . 
I offered another card . 
Thank God that one went through . 
The employees had locked the door I ' d plan to exit out of . 
The manager came over and let me out . 
My car was the only car parked in the Customer ' s parking lot . 
I wished I ' d stayed at home . 
Once you have located an area where you want to plant your tree , you will need a shovel to begin digging a nice sized hole in the ground . 
This will require some effort depending on how big your tree already is as the bigger the tree , the bigger and deeper the hole will need to be . 
After digging the hole , pull the tree out of the container that the tree is currently sitting in , and then place the tree into the hole . 
If the dirt that was removed looks fertile , then you can push the dirt back into the hole to fill it back up . 
If the dirt looks dry , you may get a bag of potting soil and pour that into the remaining area of the hole . 
Good soil will ensure that your plant -LRB- especially if the plant is young -RRB- to have all the proper nutrition and environment to begin growing . 
Lastly , water the area where the plant is and you 're done . 
When I decide to bake a cake , I go all out . 
Nothing beats a homemade cake , the boxed kind are junk ! 
It was no different this past weekend when i got the hankering for a chocolate cake . 
I first went out a bought the ingredients . 
They were as follows , 3/4 cups butter , 3 eggs , 2 cups sugar , 2 cups flour , 3/4 cup unsweetened cocoa powder , 1 teaspoon baking soda , 3/4 teaspoon baking powder , 2 teaspoon vanilla , and 1 1/2 cup milk . 
I pre-heated my oven to 350 degrees . 
I then greased and floured three 6 " " X 1 1/2 " " round cake pans . 
I mixed together the flour , cocoa powder , baking powder and baking soda . 
In a different large bowl , I beat butter , eggs and vanilla like it stole something . 
Gradually I added the sugary goodness of sugar to the mix . 
Beating this on medium to the sound of fallout boy , I did this until it was well mixed . 
I then alternately combined in the flour mixture and milk to batter while beating . 
Continuing to beat until batter was smooth , I then poured equal amounts of batter into the greased and floured round cake pans . 
I tossed this delicious mixture into the oven to bake for 35 minutes . 
Finally I was able to remove the cakes , which I then placed on a wire cooling rack . 
Another 40 minutes passed , after which I proceeded to destroy all the cakes , eating every last bite until I could n't eat any more ! '' 
, " Fun , this has been my favorite so far ! 
I go through my kitchen and look for items I don ' t have or are very low on : food , sponges , spices , napkins , etc. . 
I also quickly check my bathroom to see if I need anything in there : toilet paper , soap , deodorant , etc. . 
I do this because I can buy both sets of items at the grocery store in the same trip . 
I make a list of these things on a piece of paper or type them in my phone , so I can easily recall any of the items I need without forgetting anything . 
I drive to the store after I prepare my bags in the trunk . 
Once at the store , I grab a cart , set my bags in the cart , and place my phone in the space allocated for the child seat . 
Now I ' m ready to start my grocery shopping : I mechanically go down every aisle and pick up any items I need from those aisles , all the while keeping an eye on my list to make sure I don ' t forget anything . 
Once I have all my items , I pay for the groceries and help bag them up . 
I drive home with my freshly bought groceries , and go about putting them away in their respective places once home . 
With the last item set in its place , the grocery shopping is complete . 
For Christmas last year , my family had a very big get together and everyone was tasked with making and\/or bringing a food item . 
I did n't know what to bring , so I simply asked my Aunt what she would like . 
She told me that she would love a cake , as there was a shortage of people bringing dessert . 
I figured that I should bake it myself since I do not bake fairly often . 
I looked throughout my pantry and realized I had everything I needed . 
I went ahead and made it the evening before using all of the ingredients . 
I mixed the flour , sugar , water , eggs and even made my own frosting and did n't use one from a can . 
It turned out very moist , sweet and very good tasting . 
The next day I brought the cake over to my family gathering and it was a big hit . 
Everyone seemed to enjoy it . 
Afterwards , my aunt and other family members thanked me very much . 
I was very happy with myself . 
My husband always wanted a lemon tree because he loves lemons . 
For his birthday we surprised him with one . 
We went to the nursery and bought the tree . 
We got it into the back of the truck and drove home . 
We got the tree into the back yard and he was very surprised . 
We all pitched in and dug up a big circle of grass in the back yard . 
We dug a big hole and put the tree in it . 
Using shovels we filled it in with some good purchased dirt that the nursery recommended . 
We got a bunch of bricks that were laying around against the fence and lined the bricks all around it . 
It 's been a year now and he has quite a few big green lemons . 
He ate one the other day even though it was n't ripe . 
He said it was good . 
Last summer , my friend Heidi and I were walking through Home Depot when we saw tree seedlings for sale . 
We had been looking for a new project to do together , so we decided to purchase one . 
. 
After making the purchase , we went looking for a place to plant our tree . 
We agreed on her backyard , since my house does not have much of a yard . 
When we got to her house , we found a perfect place in the corner of her backyard . 
We grabbed our shovels and began to roughen the sides and bottom of where we were planting a tree , so that the root tips can penetrate the soil . 
Then we created a water basin with mulch and filled the basin with water . 
We were proud of our newly planted tree , so we made sure to take many pictures . 
We ca n't wait to see how our tree will grow over the years . 
Every Tuesday night I make the same routine . 
I go out and buy groceries that night . 
However , this week was different and I had a party to prepare for the weekend to celebrate a friend 's birthday . 
I created a check list of all the things I needed earlier in the day , and headed out to the store . 
On arrival I went down each lane , and picked out on what I needed exactly . 
This process can be very boring so I kept my MP3 player along with me to play music while I shop . 
After about 30 minutes of looking around , I finally had everything that I needed ! 
I go to the cashier , and ended up picking up a magazine on the way there . 
I paid the cashier using my credit card after watching them scan and bag my groceries . 
I brought the kart all the way to my car and packed everything in . 
I was finally done ! 
I flew from Amsterdam to New York City last week . 
I had purchased and reserved my ticket a week in advance . 
I left the hostel I was staying and arrived at Schiphol Airport at about 21:00 . 
After waiting about 2 hours for the flight check-in , I boarded the plane . 
I went to and found my seat , located on the left-hand side near the middle of the plane . 
I placed some of my hand luggage in an overhead compartment and sat down next to another passenger who was seated to my right . 
I watched the rest of remaining passengers who were heading to their seats . 
About 20 minutes later , once everyone was seated and were given basic safety instructions by the flight attendants , the pilot announced that the we were now going to take off for New York . 
The plane engines then started , and we were soon airborne with Amsterdam soon far below us . 
It was a evening flight , so I slept on and off for a little while , then began watching an in-flight movie . 
After about 3 hours , we were served a light dinner of a chicken entree , bread , and juice . 
The food was surprisingly tasty and I enjoyed it . 
After finishing my meal , I relaxed and occasionally looked out the window at the night sky , as well as occasionally chatting with the person sitting next to me . 
Finally , the pilot announced that we were approaching JFK airport . 
The plane touched down shortly afterwards , and we safely landed in New York . 
Last night I realized I did not have anything for dinner . 
To solve this conundrum I first thought about ordering out food . 
This , I realized , was too expensive as I am a broke college graduate just trying to get by . 
I settled on an alternative , going to the grocery store to purchase food . 
I walked down the street from my apartment to the Whole Foods in the brisk spring air . 
I was on a mission , purchase delicious food . 
When I reached the Whole Foods , the distinct smell of smug filled my nostrils . 
Organic , natural , non deoderized humans paced to and fro within the confines of the kale infused shelving units . 
I quickly scuttled to the small frozen foods section to purchase some ` healthy ' junk food . 
I selected chicken tenders and a small frozen pizza . 
Skirting the weed smoking hippies throughout the store I returned to the front . 
I quickly made my purchase and sprinted back towards home to concoct my wonderfully delicious tendies and pizza . 
Last spring , I planted a tree in my backyard . 
When I was a kid , we always had apples , because we had two apple trees in our backyard . 
We used to make pies and applesauce and I wanted to have that at my house . 
I went to the local nursery and I found a 6 foot tree . 
With delivery , it was pretty expensive , but I figured it was worth it . 
I dug out an area in my backyard . 
I was surprised at how long it took and how much dirt that I had to move . 
Digging the hole took me the longest time of the whole process . 
I finally got that done and I stuck the tree in the ground . 
I read online about a fertilizer that was good for apple trees and mixed that in with the dirt as I was filling in the area around the roots . 
I do n't expect to get any apples this year and probably not next year , but the tree should be mature enough to start producing apples in the following years . 
The whole process took me about 3 hours to get the tree planted . 
I wish I would have paid someone to do it for me . 
Springtime is upon us and there 's no better time to get outdoors and work on landscaping . 
An easy way to improve your yard is to plant a tree . 
Head on over to your local home and garden store and pick out an appropriate tree . 
If you do n't have one already , pickup a shovel as well . 
Head out to your yard and carefully scope out a great spot to plant the tree . 
If you have any questions about digging , make sure to contact your local government authority to make sure there are no pipes underground ! 
Once you have a safe spot , dig a whole large enough to fit the tree that your purchased and make sure to save the dirt . 
After you plant the tree in the ground , make sure to fill in this hole and pack it tight . 
If it 's been dry in your area make sure to water the tree in order to help it grow . 
Enjoy the reduction in your carbon footprint ! 
I made sure that the doors to the airplane were all closed and all the passengers were seated and buckled in . 
After I went on the speaker and told everybody we were ready to depart , I carefully increased the speed of the plane as it bolted down the runway . 
As the plane reached maximum speed on the driveway , i slowly pulled on the lever to lift the plane off the ground slowly . 
The plane eventually came completely off the runway and was in flight . 
I pulled the lever to lift the wheels into the plane . 
I manuveured the plane 's direction with the pilot wheel to aim it at the direction I wanted to go . 
As soon as the plane was at a maximum flying height I put the autopilot on and let the plane 's computer fly it automatically . 
I sat back and kept watched over the data on the plane 's dashboard the rest of the flight until we got to where we were going . 
All week long my family had been adding to a list on our refrigerator . 
Sometimes they wrote down what food they wanted , and sometimes it was food we had run out of . 
Today was Saturday , the day I always go grocery shopping . 
After putting the list and a pen in my pocket , I drove to the store and parked next to a light so that I would be able to find it later . 
On my way into the store I took a shopping cart , because the list was very long ! 
The produce section is by the door , and I piled broccoli , apples , oranges , and carrots into individual plastic bags , using wire ties to keep the bags closed . 
Then I pushed my cart up and down the aisles , adding Kix cereal , Pop Tarts , cans of soup , crackers , bread and cookies to the cart . 
Last was the refrigerated section , where I picked up milk and eggs . 
As I went , I crossed items off the list . 
When everything was crossed off I waited in a line until a cashier rang up my items and put them in bags . 
After paying , I put all the bags into the back of my car and went home . 
I live in a city where there is never enough parking . 
Because of this , I like to take the bus . 
If you know what bus to take , you can get almost anywhere ! 
Today I needed to go to the grocery store to get ingredients for dinner . 
Happily , there is a bus stop only a block from my apartment . 
Before I left the house I made sure to check if I had my bus pass . 
My pass allows me to ride the bus whenever I want ! 
If I did n't have it , I would have to pay $ 2.10 for the ride . 
I waited at the bus stop for just a few minutes before a bus drove by . 
I did n't get on it , however , because it was the 90 bus . 
I know that I need to take the 87 or 88 to get to the grocery store . 
Finally an 87 bus stopped , and I got on , tapping my bus pass onto a special box near the door . 
The driver started driving down the street . 
We stopped a couple of times at Lexington Road and then Drove Street . 
Sometimes people got off the bus , and sometimes people got on . 
Next it was my stop : Broadway Street . 
I thanked the bus driver as I got off . 
It 's so much nicer to take the bus than walk all that way ! 
After a long day at work , the thing I want and love the most is a hot bath . 
I like to run the water very hot ! 
I like bubbles added , the kind that smell like mangoes . 
I pour a glass of wine while the water runs , and bring it with me into the bathroom . 
Once the tub is full , I finally allow myself to get in . 
Ah , perfect ! 
I lay back and let the hours of work just slip away . 
Sometimes I 'll bring a book in with me and sink into a good story as the hot water dulls away any aches and pains . 
I sip on my wine and enjoy the soft popping bubbles around me . 
When I have finally had enough , I 'll slowly drain the tub , and then get up and dry off with a huge fluffy towel . 
After taking a bath I always feel refreshed and relaxed ! 
I stood at the bus stop and consulted the bus timetable . 
My bus should be there any minute . 
There were several people waiting with me . 
We were standing under the shelter , because it had started raining . 
Then I saw the bus arriving . 
It pulled up to the bus stop and we all stood in line to get on . 
I said hello to the driver and paid my fare . 
Then I found an empty seat at the back of the bus . 
I sat down and looked out the window at the city while we drove . 
There were many stops and people getting off and on . 
The bus grew so crowded that someone came and sat next to me . 
I scooted over to make room and kept looking out the window . 
Finally it was my stop . 
I said excuse me to the person sitting next to me , and he moved over to let me go by . 
I stood up and walked off the bus . 
I had arrived at my location . 
Every day I wash myself in one form or another . 
It is imperative to stay clean and hygienic . 
Last night I decided to switch up my normal routine of taking a shower , and decided to take a nice bubble bath ! 
To prepare for the luscious endeavor , I stopped at LUSH on my way home from work . 
LUSH has a variety of ` bath bombs ' that can be used to enhance a bath . 
I found a dragonfruit-passionberry bomb , and purchased it . 
Although I am a straight man , I love to pamper myself . 
Getting home , the first thing I did was turn the hot water on in the bath to fill it up . 
The warm water filled the tub and tendrils of mist rose from the steamy water . 
The warmth was positively inviting ! 
I dropped the bath bomb in and stepped into the tub myself . 
Lowering myself slowly into the water 's embrace , I relaxed fully . 
After spending 20 minutes and becoming a pruny mass , my bath was complete and my whole persona was now clean . 
Last week I went to the library to get a book . 
One of my friends had recommended that I read a book called The Chocolate Wars . 
I went to the library Saturday afternoon . 
I walked into the main area on the first floor and went to a computer terminal , where I looked up the book by its title . 
The library catalog gave me a call number that identified where the book was stored . 
I wrote the call number down on a little slip of paper , then I took the slip of paper and went to the shelves where the books are . 
At the end of each row of book shelves , there are signs that told me which books were in that row . 
I found the row where the number I was looking for was , then I looked at the numbers on the books on those shelves until I found the number that matched The Chocolate Wars . 
I pulled the book off the shelf and liked the cover , so I decided I would go ahead and read it as my friend suggested . 
I took the book to the circulation desk and gave it to the librarian with my library card . 
The librarian swiped my library card through an electronic reader and told me the book would be due in two weeks . 
I thanked her and left the library . 
My boss gave me tickets to the Pittsburgh Penguins hockey game . 
The penguins play in the Downtown area of my city . 
I live in a busy city so driving a car to the downtown area is n't always the best idea . 
First , you have to deal with traffic . 
After dealing with traffic , you have to find a place to park . 
Paying for parking is very expensive . 
A public bus is usually the quickest way to get to Downtown . 
First , I had to go to the bus stop and get a schedule to plan my bus trip . 
I did this days in advance , because I was really excited for the game . 
After setting the time I would get on the bus , I made sure to arrive 10 minutes early so I do n't miss the bus . 
I got on the bus and paid my fare for the trip . 
I sat back and let the bus driver take me right to the front entrance of the hockey arena because that 's where the bus stop was . 
My history teacher have us an assignment to do a research paper on World War II . 
I needed to gather information so I headed to the school library to do research . 
I found many helpful books in the history section of the library and sat down to do my research . 
A few hours later and the library is about to close but I 'm not finished with my work so I decided to borrow the history books . 
I gathered the books and headed to the librarian . 
I handed her the books I wanted to borrow along with my library card . 
She then scans my library card and each book . 
The machine starts printing out the date of when the books are due . 
The librarian hands me back the books , library card , and due date . 
I take the books home to do further research for my history assignment that 's due next week . 
I decided to take a bath today rather than a shower . 
First I scrubbed the tub with cleanser and rinsed it well . 
I put the plug in the drain and turned on the hot water . 
While the tub was filling I gathered all the supplies I would need including my favorite bathrobe , bubble bath soap , a fresh towel and wash cloth , and a new bar of soap . 
I tied my hair up into a bun . 
As the bath was nearing the level I desired I checked the water temperature and added just enough cold water to make it comfortable , and I added enough bubble bath to cover the surface with foam . 
I carefully stepped into the tub , immersed myself , and remained there for more than half an hour relaxing . 
Before the water go too cold I used the soap and washcloth to clean myself . 
I pulled the plug , got out , dried myself and put on my robe . 
I was sitting home on a Saturday afternoon and was quite bored . 
I decided that I would enjoy reading , but I did n't have any books that I had n't read at home . 
So , off I went to the library . 
I got in my car and drove a mile down the street until I reached the library . 
Once there I browsed through the fiction books as those are my favorite until I found a book that I thought I would like to read . 
I picked up the book and took it up to the front desk . 
I pulled out my library card and the librarian scanned the book and then scanned my card . 
She put a bookmark in the book and told me when the book would be due back . 
I thanked her and proceeded to walk out to my car . 
I drove home and began reading the book and it was very enjoyable to read . 
Every morning I take a bath . 
Before I get into the bath tub , I turn on the water . 
I adjust the cold and the hot water to make a bearable temperature . 
I adjust the water before entering the tub so I wo n't burn or freeze myself . 
After the water is just right , I take off all my clothes and enter the tub . 
I pour water on my body then I lather up with either soap or shower gel . 
Once I have soap all over my body , I take my loofah sponge and pour soap on that as well . 
I , then , begin to scrub my body as firm but gently as I can . 
I do this to ensure that all the dirt washes off my skin . 
While I am scrubbing my body , I like to sing in the shower . 
After I scrub really good and finish singing , I pour water continuously on my body until all the soap washes off . 
I stay in the shower for about twenty minutes until I feel clean . 
In the evening I take baths . 
Today is no different . 
After a long day , it 's such a relaxing thing to do . 
I turned the hot and cold handles to the exact right place out of habit and filled tub with hot water . 
I slid down into the tub and was instantly comfortable . 
My aching muscles were finally getting to relax . 
As I let the water warm me up , I washed myself with a soapy washcloth careful to get all the dirt and grime off . 
After cleaning up a bit , I grabbed my book and began to read . 
After about 20 minutes I let the water drain . 
I got out and dried off with my huge , soft towel . 
I put on my robe and threw the towel over the edge off the bathtub . 
I felt completely refreshed and ready to continue reading in my bedroom , and my muscles were n't quite as sore as before . 
Books are invaluable tools that bring you on wonderful adventures . 
Everyone should read as many as they possibly can ! 
The best way to do so is to borrow a book from the library . 
When I borrow a book from the library , I first obtained a library card . 
I did this by going to my local library , and speaking with a librarian , there I created an account with my name . 
Following this , and following the successful attainment of my physical card , I began my search for a book . 
In the old days I would need to use a card catalog , these days I can search through books on a library computer . 
I search through many genres and types of books before making my decision . 
I then write down the number of the book and begin my search . 
I find the matching bookshelves and then find the matching book number . 
Book in hand , I gleefully skip to the checkout , and check my book out with the librarian , making sure to note the time which I need to return the book . 
Yesterday I traveled from London in the United Kingdom to my home in Manchester . 
I visited a website for train times and tickets the day before . 
I knew when I needed to arrive in Manchester so I searched using my desired arrival time . 
I selected a ticket that worked for me and had the lowest price . 
I used my debit card to pay and selected the option to collect the ticket at the train station . 
I arrived at the train station in plenty of time because I know there can be long queues at the machines where tickets are collected . 
When it was my turn at the ticket machine , I followed the instructions and input my ticket reference number , which I had stored on my smartphone . 
The machine printed out my tickets and I picked them up , checking them to make sure they were correct . 
Next I needed to determine which platform my train would be departing from . 
I walked over to the large electronic display boards . 
Lots of destinations were listed and I had to wait a little while before Manchester showed up . 
There was more than one train to Manchester , so I confirmed which one was mine by the train company and the departure time . 
It said it would leave from Platform 6 so I followed the signs to the platform . 
Once at the platform I sat and waited until my train arrived . 
After all of the arriving people got off , I boarded the car indicated on my ticket and took my reserved seat , ready for the journey . 
This past weekend I went to get a hair cut . 
My hair has grown out quite a bit and I hate it when it takes too long to dry . 
That 's usually my indication to get a hair cut . 
I went down to the barber shop near my apartment early in the morning so that I could avoid the lines . 
This particular time I was the first to arrive . 
The barber knows me already so I just hop into the chair and tell him the usual . 
The usual for me is to just cut my hair short . 
This involves using the trimmer on the back and sides , and then a scissor cut on the top . 
The top I keep longer otherwise it sticks up and is uncontrollable . 
The process takes about 20 minutes but there 's a TV there so I can watch some of the news while he cuts my hair . 
After the haircut , I pay him and leave him a pretty good tip since we 've known each other for so long . 
My hair had become very long and shaggy looking so I decided to go out and get a haircut . 
I decided to go to the Hair Cuttery because it is near my home and they always do a nice job . 
I walked in and told the front desk receptionist that I would like to get a shampoo , cut and blowdry . 
They took me right away . 
First the attendant shampooed my hair and escorted me to the stylist 's chair . 
The stylist asked me how I would like my hair cut , and I told her just to trim the ends and shape the bangs and sides a little bit . 
She combed through my hair , clipping up sections at a time to keep them out of the way while she cut the rest of my hair , and went to work . 
After she finished she blow dried my hair in a nice style . 
I thanked her and after I paid I left her a good tip . 
I had really long , really straight hair . 
One day a friend of mine mentioned a charity called '' `` Locks of Love '' '' . 
People with long hair can get their hair cut off and donate it to make wigs for people with cancer . 
I decided to do it ! 
I made an appointment with a hair stylist . 
I went to see him and told him of my plan . 
He started by washing and conditioning my hair . 
I sat in a chair that leaned backwards so my head would go in the sink . 
The water was warm . 
When I was done , he put a big black cape around my neck and put me in a big chair in front of a mirror . 
He combed my hair straight , put it in a ponytail , then cut off just over 1 foot of my hair ! 
After he cut it off , he trimmed the rest of my hair , dried it , and styled it . 
I looked in the mirror and smiled , knowing I was helping someone else . 
Last week on a bike ride to my friends house , I was traveling on a very rough road with a lot of rocks on the side of it . 
I realized after about 10 minutes into my ride that I had a very bad flat tire . 
Thankfully I carry the proper tools and items with me to fix it . 
I pulled off the road and opened my bag with my tools . 
After removing the tire and the tube inside , I used my tools to put a brand new tube inside of the tire . 
I checked it to make sure that I had aligned everything correctly and after ensuring that I did , I placed the tire back onto the bike . 
I then used my portable pump to make sure that I had the proper amount of air pressure inside of it , because I did n't want another flat . 
After checking everything twice , I was on my way again . 
It was an easy fix . 
I must have struck something while riding my bike because it suddenly lost all its pressure . 
Upon closer examination , I found a screw in it . 
I sighed with frustration and laid the bike on its side . 
I took out a wrench , a tube , and a tire tool out of my bag . 
I loosened the nut holding the wheel on my bike with the wrench and then undid the rest with my hands . 
When the wheel was free , I took the tire tool and wedged it between the wheel and tire to remove the rubber . 
I examined the inner tube and it was definitely beyond repair . 
I removed the damaged tube and replaced it with the new one . 
I put the tire back onto the wheel and pulled the air pin through the hole on the wheel . 
I took out my air pump and began to refill the tire with air . 
Yesterday , I went to my local barber . 
I told him I wanted the buzz cut and he sat me down in the barber 's chair . 
He put a plastic sheet over my front so that I would n't get hair on my clothes . 
He then raised the chair to his preferred height . 
He combed out my hair to get it ready . 
He got his mechanical clippers and buzzed around my head . 
He was careful not to get hair in my eyes . 
I sat calmly as he made his way around my head and tried to move as little as possible so that he would not make any mistakes . 
After every few minutes , he asked what I thought about the progress . 
I gave him some additional input as to the type of style I wanted and he gladly obliged . 
Once my hair was cut , he gave me a mirror to check out the back of my head . 
I was quite satisfied . 
He brushed away all remaining cut hair , took away the plastic sheet , lowered the chair , and I paid him . 
I get my hair cut at an inexpensive hair salon where people can not make appointments or choose their stylist . 
So when I get to the shop , the first thing I do is go up to the desk and give my name . 
Then , I sit and wait with everyone else until my turn comes . 
Usually I read magazines and eavesdrop on conversations to pass the time . 
Eventually , a stylist comes and gets me . 
He or she leads me to a chair in a line of chairs in front of a huge mirror . 
She -LRB- it is almost always a woman -RRB- puts a plasticized drape around me to keep the hair from going down my blouse . 
During this period , we also greet one another and tell each other our names . 
Once she gets me draped she asks me what kind of cut I want , and I usually ask that she just trim what I already have . 
I have short fine hair I wear in a wash and wear style , and I never want it washed before it is cut . 
She begins cutting my hair , usually asking styling questions like whether I want my ears to show and whether I want the bangs feathered . 
As she cuts , we chat about something unimportant , like a dog that runs by the window or a TV show . 
Many times I have talked to stylists about their children , or mine . 
At the same time , the stylist will exchange a few remarks with other stylists , and I will spy on other peoples ' haircuts . 
When she finishes , the stylist will give me a hand mirror so I can inspect the back of my head . 
She brushes me off and removes my drape , and I slip her a folded bill . 
Chances are I will never see her again . 
Taking the train into the city is so much fun ! 
We go into the train station and buy tickets for the train we want to take . 
When the train arrives at the station it is very loud . 
We wait for it to stop and then follow the other passengers on board . 
We find our seats , hopefully near a window , and sit down . 
When the conductor comes around , we give him our tickets and he punches a hole in each of them . 
The train begins to move and it makes a clickety-clack sound as it travels towards the next stop . 
The buildings and trees we pass look blurry because we are going so fast . 
We pass railroad crossings with cars lined up waiting for us to pass . 
After 10 stops , at different train stations , we arrive at the big one in the city . 
We get off the train and take the escalator up to get out of the station . 
Last month I visited my relatives who live 500 miles away . 
I did n't want to drive all the way there myself , so I decided one of the best methods for me to get there would be to take a train . 
Since I have n't traveled on a train before I did n't know where I should begin . 
I decided to look online for instructions on what to do . 
Luckily I was able to find all the necessary information to make my trip possible . 
The next day I drove over to the train station and parked in the secured parking lot . 
I went over to the ticket booth and paid for a ticket , it cost me around $ 50 . 
I then waited for the train to arrive . 
Once it did I got on board and stored my belongings in the luggage compartment . 
I then took a seat and relaxed . 
The train started up , and after a couple of hours I reached my destination . 
It was an interesting and fun experience . 
A few months ago , I went to the library to check out a couple of books . 
Our local library is very large and full of very interesting books , magazines and movies . 
Before I went to find my books , I stopped at the coffee shop in the library . 
I ordered a coffee and a blueberry muffin so I could have a snack . 
Once I finished my snack , I began to look for my books . 
I used the library 's computer to find the location of each book . 
Finding the books only took me about 10 minutes . 
After I found the books , I sat down in a comfortable chair that was next to a lamp . 
I began reading one of my books while I was drinking my coffee . 
I stayed at the library and read for about thirty minutes . 
I went to the checkout to check out my books , and then I left to walk home . 
I love to read , and today I remembered that I had already finished my last mystery novel . 
So now it was time to head back to the library . 
It was a short walk , but one I enjoyed as I considered what kind of stories I would check out next . 
I dropped my return books into the slot at the entrance , and entered the library . 
Oh how I love the smell of books ! 
I made my way over to the fiction area , and randomly layed eyes on the book bindings , until a title would catch my eye . 
After 2 to 3 more , I would take my selections to the check out desk . 
The librarian , who knows me well , smiled and noted the books I had chosen in the system . 
The library has a scanner now . 
It makes the check out process so much faster now . 
I picked up the books on the other side , placed them in my bag , and stepped out into the autumn air . 
Last night , I went into the bathroom to take a bath like I do every night . 
I turned on the dim light . 
It was quiet . 
I turned on the water and adjusted it to get just the right temperature , then put in the drain plug . 
I got a towel out of the pantry and set it on the counter for afterwards . 
When the tub was mostly full , I removed my garments and got in . 
I soaped up a washcloth and scrubbed every part of my body , then I got the shampoo , squeezed a little in my hand , and rubbed it into my hair . 
After thoroughly scrubbing my head , I dunked it underwater to rinse it out . 
When I was all clean , I pulled the drain plug out and stepped out of the tub . 
I grabbed the towel and dabbed myself off . 
Then I got dressed . 
I felt clean and refreshed . 
Where I live , I always need to take a public bus to the train station to get to my destinations . 
The bus is not usually on schedule so sometimes this can be frustrating especially on a cold winter day as you are waiting for a bus . 
Since the discovery of a bustimes app on my iphone , i am able to know exactlly when my bus arrives using their GPS technology . 
It is accurate most of the times . 
I get ready to leave my house , look at my bustimes app to see when the bus is arriving , and then leave my house to catch the bus without wasting my time waiting for the bus . 
I pay the fare getting on the bus , greet the driver with a smile , and find a seat to sit down . 
It is a short ride to my train station where i can get on the train to my final destination . 
Last night I decided to take a bath instead of a shower . 
I made sure to put the stopper in the bathtub , so no water would drain out . 
Then I adjusted the water temperature so it was n't too hot , or too cold , then let the bathtub fill all the way up to the top . 
I then gathered up my pajamas to put on after the bath was over . 
I got a clean towel , and brought everything into the bathroom . 
I checked the water temperature , took all my clothes off , and jumped right in . 
I lounged around in the tub for awhile , then soaped up my hair and rinsed it off . 
Then I cleaned my body with a bar of soap until I had every single part clean . 
At this point the water was starting to get a bit cold , so I decided it was time to get out . 
I pulled the water stopper so the water would drain out , then I dried myself off with the towel , and got into my pajamas . 
My cousin wanted me to visit him in Florida over the summer and I needed to make a plan and book a flight to get there . 
After searching on the internet for a great price , I found one and booked it . 
The day of the flight I was a bit nervous as it had been a long time since I had flown on an airplane . 
I boarded along with the other passengers and realized that I had a great window seat in a good location so I was n't crowded in . 
After a very smooth take off , the flight attendants brought me something to drink and a snack . 
It was a very smooth flight and about 6 hours later , I ended up at my destination . 
It all went very nicely and I was happy to be back on the ground . 
After we parked at our terminal , we all orderly departed the airplane . 
After walking down the tunnel leading into the airport , I saw my family members waiting for me . 
It was a very pleasurable experience . 
After looking in the fridge , I realized I had to go buy some food . 
There were essential things I needed , like milk , eggs , flour , sugar , butter , fruits , and vegetables . 
I usually shop at a discount store that has really good deals on certain items . 
Towards the end of the month , they hold a wine sale where all bottles are twenty percent off . 
I usually purchase my wine for the month during that time . 
Wine was on my list for today as well . 
My pantry had a lot of dry goods , so I had little intention of purchasing products in that category . 
My deep freezer was running low , so one of the things I kept an eye out for was meat that was on sale . 
I was able to find hams at severely discounted price ! 
After grabbing four bottles of wine with the rest of my groceries , I went to the cashier , checked out , and drove home to put all the food away . 
Grocery shopping can be a stressful event , but if you come prepared then you can usually leave without a headache . 
Before we head over to the store we need to make a list of all the items that we need . 
Once you arrive at the store if you have a short list make sure to grab a basket . 
If you are purchasing a wider variety of items then grab a shopping cart . 
I would recommend starting on the outside perimeter of the store , hitting up your dairy , meats , and vegetables . 
While you are working your way clockwise or counter-clockwise you can frequent the aisles in the middle to pickup the remainder of items . 
Spending a lot of time in the aisles can become frustrating since people are more likely to be in your way . 
After you select all the items to purchase , find the shortest checkout line . 
Once you are close enough start piling your groceries on the belt , and take out your form of payment . 
Once paid , the store will generally bag your groceries for you . 
Now you just need to load your car , drive home , and unload all of your bounty ! 
Yesterday during the day I decided to plant a tree with my friend Bob . 
The first thing that we did was go and buy a little tree from the local Walmart . 
We then went into my backyard and begun to did a hole . 
We got the hole to about halfway the size we wanted it and decided to take a break for lemonade . 
Next we continued digging , all the while I am contemplating the small part in ensuring an Eco friendly future . 
As the sweat pours down my face we finish the hole . 
Me and bob gently place the small tree in the hole . 
Now we prepared for the truly fun part . 
Putting back into the ground all the dirt that we had just put there . 
We filled the hole and then watered my new plant . 
After we finished me and Bob sat back with a beer overlooking this new tree that we had planted . 
Wow ! 
I got to fly on an airplane to go see my uncle ! 
I called the airline in advance and purchased a ticket . 
On the day I was flying to see him , I got to the airport 2 hours early . 
I checked in at a big desk where they give me my ticket , weighed my suitcase , and put my suitcase on a big conveyor belt to take it to my plane . 
I went over to a big line of people and waited my turn to go through security . 
When I was safely through , I waited until they called my seat number and I boarded the plane . 
I found my seat in my row . 
I got a window seat ! 
We all fastened our seat belts and listened to the flight attendants give us safety information about flying . 
It was short flight , but the flight attendants still brought us snacks and drinks on a little cart that they rolled down the aisle . 
When the plane landed , we all lined up and walked out of the plane door . 
The pilot was there waving goodbye to us all ! 
In the morning , I woke up to prepare for the day . 
After getting coffee ready , I took on breakfast . 
My partner awoke , and she began to get ready in the bathroom . 
She was out by the time food was ready . 
We spoke about our plans for the day , and what we intended our goals to be . 
After getting dressed up to head outside , we headed over to the gardening store to choose a tree for our yard . 
Both of us were hoping for a nice Japanese Maple tree . 
The checkout lady was nice , we found exactly what we were looking for after we got into the store . 
Driving home , we could barely contain our excitement . 
After stepping back in the house for a quick snack and another cup of coffee , we set out to the shed to get the right tools . 
The hole was easy to dig , and the tree was transplanted successfully . 
I made a list of all the things we needed to buy beforehand . 
Next to the name of each object , I added the last price I remembered for it . 
Then , I added up all the prices to get a general range for our budget . 
I marked off what items I could leave behind if we were going to spend too much money . 
I also added items we could add if we saved a lot of money . 
Then , I made sure there was plenty of room in the car to hold the groceries and put my reusable grocery bags in the trunk . 
The next day , I drove to the store and picked up what items were on my list and wrote down what prices I actually paid for them . 
Since I had extra money , I also bought some ice cream . 
I headed to the check-out and placed all my items gently on the conveyer belt . 
I said hi to the cashier , paid her what I owed , and took the groceries back to my car . 
I made sure to put the cart away , too . 
Then , I drove home and unloaded the groceries into their proper places . 
As I was about to leave for the grocery store , I reminded myself not to forget my reusable shopping bags . 
I am interested in preserving our environment , so I avoid paper or plastic bags . 
My market is just up the street , so I use a hand trolley to bring everything home . 
I took that from the closet , and headed out the door . 
The air was fresh and I enjoyed the walk . 
When I entered the market , I chose a cart , and hung my hand trolley from the far end . 
Taking each lane of the market one by one , I checked my list , and gathered the dry and canned goods I needed from the shelves . 
I even decided on a few extras , as a treat . 
Making a loop around the outer edges of the store , I visited the bakery , butcher , and deli as well . 
By now , the idea of getting home , and making lunch with some of the deli meat and cheese I had just chosen , seemed like a lovely idea . 
I made my way to the cashier , and was happy to see the line was very short . 
As I waited , I pulled the coupons from my wallet that applied to my purchases , so I could give them to the cashier right off . 
As she ran my items across the scanner , I let her know I had my own bags , and proceeded to bag everything in an organized way , to hang on my hand trolley . 
Having finally paid , I rolled out of the store with a smile and a wave . 
Our back yard was so bare , so we decided to plant a tree to spruce it up . 
We decided a nice apple tree would look great , and give us fresh fruit when it 's grown . 
First we went to the nursery and bough an apple tree sapling . 
Then when we got home , we got to work . 
We dug a hole in the ground big enough for the sapling to be planted . 
Once we had the hole ready , in went the sapling . 
We made sure it was in deep enough and was standing straight up , then we put the dirt back in around the sapling . 
We carefully patted the dirt down so it would hold the sapling nice and firm . 
Once we had done that , we took the garden hose and watered our new plant , making sure it had enough water , but not so much that the dirt would get too muddy and the sapling might be loose . 
Then we took a step back and looked at what would eventually become our new apple tree . 
I decided to bake a cake for my daughter 's birthday last week . 
First I gathered the ingredients I needed - eggs , flour , sugar , oil , butter , and decorations ! 
I put it all out on the counter and then got my supplies . 
I needed measuring cups , bowls , a wooden spoon , and some cake pans . 
I measured out the dry ingredients I needed and then mixed it up , then mixed in the wet ingredients . 
I put it all in my Kitchen Aid mixer and mixed it for a while . 
My daughter likes purple and green , so I split the batter into half and dyed some of the batter purple and some teal , using gel food coloring . 
I poured the batter in cake pans coated in cooking spray and baked them . 
Then , I let them cool . 
Once they were ready to be decorated , I simply used some cream cheese frosting from a can . 
Then I stuck some candles in it and wrote , '' `` Happy birthday ! '' '' 
on top with some colored gel icing . 
She loved it ! 
Today I have to go grocery shopping . 
I plan a list of meals for the next week . 
Then I go to the kitchen and look to see what I have already and what I need to buy . 
I make a list of the items that I need to get and gather any coupons I have for the items on my list . 
I get in the car and drive to the store . 
I get my grocery card and go through the isles gathering my items marking each on off the list that I put in the cart . 
Now I head to the register . 
I give all my items to the cashier to ring up . 
After she is through ringing up the items I hand her my coupons . 
After she scans my coupons she gives me the total I need to pay for my groceries . 
I give her my money and wait for my change . 
I load my bags in the grocery cart and take them to my car . 
I drive home and bring my groceries inside . 
I put each of the items in the kitchen where they belong . 
First we began by going to the orchard and picking the best tree we could find , this however did not satisfy the little ones so we had to go with the tree that they picked out . 
We drove back home with the tree on top of the car to begin the planting . 
Starting off I dug a medium sized hole where we could plant the tree and it could grow as much as it wanted . 
We fertilized the ground where the tree would be planted and began the transfer of the tree . 
This tree was then checked daily on its progress and to be watered . 
The tree 's health was a priority of our family and we kept it in spectacular condition . 
This tree now stands tall over our house to protect it from the sun and allow us the shade we need when we would like to play outside . 
This tree is the foundation of our family and we use it to show our togetherness . 
I need to bake a cake for my friend 's birthday . 
I have decided to buy a store cake mix to save some time . 
I decide to get a Devil 's Food cake mix , since that is her favorite . 
I drive to the store , and head to the isle that has cake mixes . 
I find the cake mix I want and purchase it . 
I also check the back of the box to be sure I have all the ingredients I will need , like eggs , oil , etc. . 
I bring the cake mix home and get started . 
I read the instructions which tell me to preheat the oven . 
I get all my ingredients in front of me and read the instructions to mix them properly . 
I get my cake pan out and prep it , as that is what the instructions say to do . 
I mix my cake ingredients in a bowl and pour this mixture into the pan and place it in the oven for the time listed on the instructions . 
When the cake is done baking , I take it out of the oven and let it cool off . 
My cupboard is bare , so it is time to go grocery shopping . 
I do n't want to over-spend , so I make sure to bring a grocery list . 
I usually have a list of items I will need as I run out of them , I post them to the fridge . 
I grabbed my list and looked around to see if I need any additional items . 
I added any items and left my house . 
I got into my car and drove to the nearest grocery store , my favorite one . 
With my list in hand , I start shopping . 
I went to the middle isles first , since I want to get my refrigerated and frozen items last , do n't want them getting warm or thawing before I even get them home . 
I chose the express lane since I was n't getting too many items . 
The cashier was courteous to me , as I was to her . 
I bought my items and headed home . 
Earth day is a very important day in America . 
It is a day where we recognize the environment and the fact that we need to protect it . 
This earth day my friend Patrick and I decided that we should plant a tree to counteract the effects of deforesting . 
To do this we first dug a hole in the ground twice the size of the root ball of the tree . 
It was hard work , but it ensures that the tree has enough loose soil to spread its roots in . 
We then placed the tree in the middle of the pit we had dug and made sure it was centered . 
After that we filled in the rest of the pit with a high quality planting soil in order to give the tree proper nutrition . 
After the soil was placed in we stepped on the soil to compact it and make sure the tree stays in place . 
It felt really good to give back to the environment instead of damaging it . 
This morning , my sister decided to bake a cake for her friend who was visiting from out of town . 
So , after stopping by the grocery store to buy some sugar , she gathered all of the ingredients and cooking utensils , she needed in her kitchen . 
She got butter , flour , cocoa powder , salt , baking powder , eggs , vanilla , and some buttermilk . 
Next , she preheated her oven to 350 degrees and greased her round baking pan with the butter . 
She then mixed all of the wet ingredients such as the eggs , vanilla , and buttermilk in a mixing bowl . 
For the dry ingredients like the flour , she mixed them separately in another , smaller bowl , where they were stirred together . 
Once this was done , the dry mixture was combined with the wet mixture and then they were were thoroughly stirred together . 
My sister then used a spatula to make sure all of the batter poured into the baking pan . 
After which , the pan was placed in the over for half an hour . 
When the cake was ready , she took the cake and set it on her kitchen counter to cool off for a few minutes . 
Finally , she placed it onto a plate and carefully put on some chocolate buttercream frosting . 
The cake was now ready for her friend to enjoy once she arrived . 
Last weekend , I went to KeyFood by myself . 
It 's a grocery store with a good selection of reasonably priced items . 
I had made a grocery list in advance . 
I drove to KeyFood at 2pm . 
I parked in the parking lot . 
I exited my car and locked it . 
I walked to the entrance and grabbed a shopping cart . 
I pushed the shopping cart into the store and began to search for the items on my list . 
I walked through each isle . 
I gathered all the items from my grocery list . 
When I was finished , I pushed my cart to the cashier to pay for my groceries . 
I placed the items in front of the cashier so that he could account for my purchases . 
He tallied my total . 
I paid the total amount for the groceries and he gave me my change back . 
Finally , I left the grocery store . 
I enjoy grocery shopping . 
On Arbor Day this year , I decided to plant a new tree in my front yard . 
I went out and dug a hole where I decided the tree would go , and I kept the dirt I dug up off to the side for easy access to replant with . 
I got in my car and drove to the local nursery to look at trees . 
I had an idea of what I wanted in mind , but they had so many different trees when I got there that I had a very hard time deciding . 
Finally , I just decided to go with the tree I had originally planned to purchase . 
I went to the cashier and paid for the tree and loaded it in my truck to drive home . 
Once I got home , I brought the tree out to the spot in my yard where I had dug the hole . 
I unwrapped the bottom of the tree that had been wrapped up to prevent a mess , and I placed it in the dirt . 
I packed the dirt I had dug up around the bottom of the tree to keep it secure , and I watered it and tied some stakes up to keep the tree level and upright . 
That 's how I planted a tree . 
I was excited to be going to Cancun in two weeks . 
I brought my tickets a few months before , and when the day arrived , I simply printed out the ticket from my computer . 
I brought my two suitcases filled with clothes and necessities , along with my visa and other important travel documents . 
Once I got to the airport , I passed by security and they checked my bags for anything that was illegal or dangerous . 
Once I got past the checkpoint , I waited at a terminal for an hour . 
They began to call for my plane and I got on line . 
I gave the lady my visa and ticket and I boarded the airplane . 
I put the luggage above my head in the luggage department and sat down . 
My seat was next to a window so I was very happy about that . 
Soon a person sat down next to me . 
We were told to eventually put our seat belts on as we were ready to fly . 
We watched a short video on what to do in case we felt some turbulence and what to do in case of emergency . 
Then the airplane lifted off and I was scared at first , I felt some shaking but eventually we were in the air and everything was okay . 
Eventually they began to serve food . 
That was my favorite part . 
I love airplane food ! 
I waited in a seating area near the gate at the airport . 
I could see the huge jetliner out the window . 
I looked at my ticket and saw that I was in Group 3 . 
When the gate attendant called my number I showed her my ticket and boarded the plane . 
I found my seat , 22D , and sat down , putting the small bag I had packed under the seat in front of me . 
After everyone was on the plane they shut the door . 
The flight attendant made a few announcements and I buckled myself in . 
The plane pulled away from the gate and taxied to a runway . 
We sat on the runway for a few minutes before we were given approval to take off . 
I was pushed back in my seat and we accelerated down the runway . 
The nose lifted and we were in the air . 
During the flight I got a drink . 
One hour later , the plane set down in Cleveland . 
Success ! 
Sunday , my husband and I did our grocery shopping . 
He had a shopping list recorded in his cell phone . 
We arrived at the store in the early afternoon , and the first thing we did was get a shopping cart . 
We walked in and went to the produce area first , where all the fruit and vegetables are . 
My husband checked the list . 
We only had bananas on the list , but I said we should get things for salad , too , so he picked out bananas and bell peppers while I got lettuce and radishes and tomatoes . 
Then we went to the deli area and ordered some sliced turkey . 
The man behind the counter sliced the turkey for us and measured it on a scale to give us the amount we wanted , then wrapped it up for us . 
Next we visited the bakery area and picked out a nice loaf of rye bread to put the turkey on . 
In the canned goods area , we picked out soup and white beans ; then we went to the pasta area to get pasta and sauce . 
In the meat area , we picked up some chicken breasts and Italian sausage . 
Then we went to the dairy refrigerators and we each picked out some flavors of yogurt we like , and got milk and butter and eggs . 
We were nearly done , so my husband checked the list again and we saw we had forgotten tin foil and toilet paper , so we went back and got those two things . 
Then we went to the check-out where we put all our groceries on a conveyor belt and the clerk scanned each item in an electronic scanner to find out what it cost . 
She told us the total , and I swiped my bank card through an electronic reader to pay . 
Meanwhile , a bagger was putting our groceries into re-usable shopping bags that we had brought with us . 
He put the bags back into the cart . 
We got a receipt from the clerk and pushed the cart out to our car , where we moved the bags into the back seat . 
Then my husband put the cart in little corral in the parking lot that keeps the carts away from people 's cars , and we got in our car and went home . 
Yesterday I rode the bus to work , because my car had broken down . 
The night before I used the internet to find out what time the bus would be arriving at the stop nearest my house , and made plans to leave the house early so I could be at the bus stop on time . 
I made sure to leave a bit earlier than I thought would be necessary , just in case something came up that might make me late . 
When I arrived at the bus stop , I sat down on the bench and waited for the bus to arrive . 
It was right on time ! 
The doors to the bus opened , and I asked the lady behind the wheel how much an all day pass was . 
She told me it would be $ 2.00 , so I took some money out of my wallet and placed it into the collection tray . 
I then walked to the back of the bus and picked a seat that looked comfortable . 
After everyone else had sat down , the bus began to move . 
When I saw that I was getting close to work , I grabbed the yellow cord above my head and pulled , which caused a light to flash and a bell to ring , signalling the bus driver that I wanted to get off at the next stop . 
The bus then pulled over at the next stop , and I thanked the driver and got off . 
I love going to the library to check out books . 
It is probably one of my favorite places to go to , since I 'm a fairly avid reader . 
Anyway , I 'll usually bike to the library and bring a backpack with me so that I can easily bring my books home . 
The last time I went , I was looking for some books on local folklore for a class that I 'm taking . 
I quickly went to one of the computer search stations and typed in the last name of an author that I knew had written a book on the subject . 
I got back a couple more results than I had expected , so I made note of them . 
Then , I searched by just the topic of folklore , along with the tribe that I was covering . 
I found several books that looked like they might be interesting . 
So , I took the numbers for where they would be and headed off towards the Stacks . 
I followed the numbers to the different rows and picked up the books that I needed , as well as a couple other books that also sounded interesting . 
My arms full , I took them all to the checkout counter , where a nice older man scanned them and gave me a printed receipt that said when I would need to have them back by . 
All in all , it was a pretty productive trip to the library . 
Last night , I decided to take a bath . 
First , I turned on the water . 
I fiddled with the knobs to get the right mix of hot and cold water . 
Once the temperature was pleasing to me , I put the stopper in the tub and let the tub fill with water . 
I also poured some bubble bath into the water stream so that bubbles filled the tub . 
Once the tub was filled with water and bubbles , I took off my clothes and sat down in the tub . 
I submerged my body in the soapy water . 
I used a loofah to wash myself . 
I then sat back and relaxed in the tub for a while . 
I had put the book that I was reading on the side of the tub and I decided to read it . 
It was very relaxing . 
When I was done in the tub , I pulled the stopper out and let the water drain away . 
I had a very nice bath . 
Today I got up a little early to get to the library as soon as it opened . 
It 's about a 30 minute trip , but I love the drive . 
As I got to the library , the librarian greeted me with a big smile and made small talk . 
I then looked up the book I wanted on the computer . 
It was available , and I made my way down the long rows of bookshelves . 
I found my book easily , and I also found a couple others I 'd like . 
I carried my stack of books to the counter , and the same librarian was happy to help me . 
She told me my book choices were great and she also recommended some further reading . 
She checked out my books in the computer . 
Two of the books needed to be returned in two weeks and the other needed to be returned in one week . 
I 'll likely return them all in one week . 
I left and went to the park to start reading . 
I went to the library in town the other day because I really want to read this book that my friend told me about . 
After driving to the library , I went to the main desk to inquire about the book . 
The librarian kindly greeted me and searched for the book on her card catalog computer system . 
She saw that there were 2 copies available in the New Books section . 
She and I walked upstairs to the New Books area and we were able to find the book . 
I thanked her for help . 
Then I walked back downstairs to check the book out . 
The check out lines were all full but there were a couple self-checkout machines available . 
After checking out the book , I went home and read it . 
It was very good and I finished it in 2 days . 
The next day , I returned the book to the library for the next eager patron to enjoy . 
I wanted to get a book on gardening , so I went to the library . 
I was n't sure where the gardening books were , so I went to the electronic card catalog and looked gardening up . 
I found the Dewey Decimal number and then went down the rows of shelves until I got to the right number . 
There were so many books ! 
I have a small yard , so I thought a book on container gardening would be best . 
I chose one with lots of pictures . 
I then took the book to the circulation desk and waited in line behind a mother with a child . 
The child had about twenty picture books . 
This could be a while . 
Finally , it was my turn . 
I gave the librarian my library card and book and she scanned them both in a laser reader . 
Then she handed me my book and a receipt . 
Looks like I have three weeks to learn how to garden ! 
Last Friday , my car broke down . 
I had to get to work Monday , so I decided to ride the public bus since it ran fairly close to my home and work both . 
Monday morning I got ready early and set off to wait at the bus stop . 
After sitting for quite a while , the bus finally pulled up . 
I let others at the stop get on first , then I got on . 
I asked the bus driver how much the fare was and he told me . 
I paid the fare by sticking my money in the box near the bus driver , and walked to find a free seat . 
I found one near the back of the bus , and I sat down . 
The bus ride was fairly quick and uneventful . 
I noted that the ride went the same route that I did . 
Once the bus stopped at the stop near my work , I disembarked . 
That 's how I rode the public bus . 
I took a warm bath this evening to relax . 
I began by drawing myself a bath . 
I turned the water on and made sure that the temperature was not too hot and not too cold . 
In the meantime , I removed all of my clothes to prepare for my bath . 
I turned the water off when it looked like I filled the tub high enough . 
I then got in and laid down on my back , allowing my lower body to soak . 
I used a small towel as a cushion for my head . 
I moved my arms and legs slowly around in the water , almost as if I were swimming . 
I would occasionally lift my feet up to the top of the bathtub to get a nice stretch . 
I used soap and a washcloth to get clean . 
I applied the soap to the washcloth , then rubbed the cloth all over my body . 
I enjoyed the warmth of my bath for fifteen minutes , then I drained the water . 
I used my towel to dry myself off . 
Finally , I put my clothes back on . 
I wanted to go on a trip into the city to go clothes shopping . 
So I got into my car and drove to the local commuter train station in my town . 
When I got to the train station , I paid my ten dollar fare , and hopped on the train . 
As I got on the train , there were two different levels , a top and bottom level . 
I climbed the stairs to get to the top level , and proceeded to walk down the aisle to find a decent seat , preferably by the window . 
As I sat down , I looked at the window with curiosity as the train started whizzing by our surroundings . 
We made plenty of stops , and each time plenty of fresh new faces came abroad , awaiting to get to their destination . 
On the train I made a few new friends , and the trip into the city was very fun indeed . 
I made an appointment a week before I wanted to get my hair cut at a local salon . 
I showed up about 10 minutes before my scheduled appointment . 
When I arrived , I immediately went to the front desk to let the receptionist know that I was there . 
She told me that she would let my stylist know . 
About five minutes later , Elena , my hairdresser approached me . 
We went to her stylist chair and she looked and felt my hair . 
She asked me how I would like my hair cut today . 
I told her that I wanted the length trimmed about 1\/2 inch and some layers added to increase fullness in my thin hair . 
We went over to the sink and she started to wash my hair . 
She wet it with warm water , lathered it up with a fragrant shampoo and finished by adding a deep conditioning treatment . 
Elena placed a warm towel around my wet hair and we walked back to her chair . 
She combed out my hair and then began cutting . 
It took about 15 minutes for her to finish cutting it and making sure it was all even . 
Afterwards , she dried and styled my hair . 
I thanked her for doing a wonderful job and then went to the front desk to pay for her services . 
There is a place to leave individual tips for each stylist . 
I left her a 20 % tip and also scheduled my next hair cut appointment . 
I love my new hair do ! 
Yesterday afternoon , I decided to ride my bike to Central Park . 
I rode my bike to the park from my apartment , it took me about 15 minutes . 
I was very excited and happy because I have n't rode my bike in a very long time . 
I missed the experience of feeling the window blowing against my face , and feeling my hair float in the air . 
When I finally got to the park , I decided that I would ride around the park a few times . 
It was going to be a great form of exercise . 
However , after I rode the bike a few times around the park , my front bicycle tire suddenly started to lose air . 
I safely got off and examined the tire wheel . 
I checked if there was any rips or holes on the wheel . 
Perhaps I rode over something sharp . 
I found a few small holes on the bike and realized the culprit for my flat tire . 
I was forced to carry the bike home in order to repair it . 
There was no way I would repair it at the park . 
Once I brought it home , I brought it to my basement . 
I turned the bike over so that it stood on its seat and handle bars . 
I let the remaining air out of the tube of my broken tire . 
Once the tire was deflated , I took the tire off the rim . 
I found the part of the tire with the multiple holes . 
I spread a thin layer of glue around the holes . 
Then I looked around for my tire patch kit . 
Once I found it , I applied it on to the holes and covered over them . 
I then placed the tire back on the rim and inflated it again . 
It 's a major bummer when you are excited to ride your bike only to find that you have somehow ended up with a flat tire . 
I try to keep a repair kit on hand for just such an opportunity . 
The first thing I do is determine what is the cause of the flat . 
Perhaps the tire has been punctured , or perhaps it is an older tire and the seal is failing . 
If it is a puncture , I would do my best to seal the hole with my available materials and then allow the sealant to dry for as long as is required . 
I have my tire pump on hand , so when the tire is ready I can slowly pump air while also watching to see if I am losing air . 
If the seal holds , my bike is good to go . 
If I still feel or see a leak , I know there is a bigger issue to contend with . 
Last week , I went to one of my favorite hairstylists after trying to get an appointment with her for over a month . 
She 's very in demand and it is hard to get an appointment with her . 
After finally getting one , I was very happy to be able to see her as my hair had gotten a bit too long for my tastes . 
When I got there , she started with a very gentle shampooing and scalp massage . 
She also gave me a beer to have while this was happening . 
Afterwards she did some aromatherapy and walked me back over to her chair where she cut my hair . 
She knows me well as I go to her fairly often when I feel like spending good money on a haircut , so it turned out great ! 
Afterwards , I thanked her and made sure to leave her a nice tip for her good work . 
Finally , I left and went home . 
I wanted to take a train trip through the countryside . 
I went to the local train station . 
Once I was at the station I carefully reviewed the train schedule until I found a train that was going where I wanted to go at a convenient time . 
The trip I picked happened to leave at 8 am the next day . 
I went to the ticket window and bought a round trip ticket for the train I had selected . 
Having purchased my tickets , I went home and I packed a light suitcase with the necessities I would need for my trip . 
That evening I set my alarm clock extra early so I would be sure to be on time for the train . 
I woke up the next morning thanks to my early alarm clock . 
I then showered , ate my breakfast and took my suitcase and left home for the train station . 
I arrived 20 minutes early which gave me plenty of time to get on the train and enjoy my trip . 
I spent most of the afternoon gardening , and was close to covered with dirt . 
I reached a point that I was satisfied with , and decided to leave the rest of the work for the next day . 
After taking off my mud-encrusted boots , I tiptoed towards the bathroom , where I knew a relaxing bath was in my future . 
I drew the water as hot as I could , and quickly filled the tub halfway with water . 
I stripped my clothes , first taking off me pants , then my shirt , socks , and underwear . 
Two drops of lavender oil and two cups of epsom salt is what I put into the tub , balancing out the temperature with cold water until it was just perfect . 
I slowly dipped my foot into the tub , and found the feeling spectacular . 
I slowly sunk the rest of my body , and closed my eyes in a breath of sweet relief . 
Before leaving my house , I check the bus schedule on the internet . 
I noticed the bus was running late today , but I went outside to wait at the bus stop anyway . 
The bus actually arrived even later than it was estimated on the internet . 
I got onto the bus after the arriving passengers exited . 
I paid with exact change into the money collector . 
There were no empty seats on the bus and almost all the places to stand were full too . 
I found a spot next to a man who smelled like he was eating onions . 
For the next 22 blocks I had to smell him before he exited the bus . 
The next person who stood by me was a morbidly obese man who liked to talk about anything he could think of . 
I tried to just look out the window because it was so uncomfortable . 
Finally , seven blocks later I was at my stop and I could not have been more relieved . 
I was babysitting my nephew and thought it would be fun to take him to the library . 
We went to the local library . 
He was excited because he never visited the library before . 
We picked out some books that were in the children 's section . 
He is interested in dinosaurs . 
We picked the ones with big pictures . 
I told him he could borrow three . 
I almost got a book for myself but I need to finish the ones I already started . 
We checked out the books and I let him hand them to the librarian . 
They had a record of me and issued me a new card . 
We went to the park and read them under a tree . 
Then we went back to the library and I let him return them in the metal bin out front . 
Over all I think it was a day he will remember . 
Using a school or public library is a great thing to do . 
While I 'm at the library , I like to peruse the shelves and see if there is anything that catches my attention . 
If I do n't see anything I like , I can use the online catalog to find something that I either need or want . 
It 's simple to find books on the shelves if I write down the call number and follow the signs directing to that area . 
Once my book is in hand , I prepare by getting out my library card and heading toward the circulation desk . 
Some libraries now have self-service checkout areas , while others still require you working with a clerk or librarian to check out . 
At the self service kiosk , I scan my library card and then scan the barcode on my book . 
It 's quite simple and helps the line move more quickly than waiting at the circulation desk . 
Once it is checkout out , I will get a reciept telling me when the book is due and I am free to go home with my book . 
While casually browsing through my friends pictures online I discovered a new revelation . 
They are called Lush bath bombs and the are colorful scented fizz balls . 
I quickly ordered a few online from their website and when they came I was overcome with excitement . 
I brought a Pink Potion one with a flower inside and a Blue Dream glitter one . 
I put the Hello Kitty tub stopper in my bath tub and ran my bathwater until the tub was halfway full . 
Then I dropped the bath bomb in the water and was anointed by the wonderful smell of lavender . 
The water in the tub fizzled with pretty blue glitter . 
I got in an soaked for more than an hour and got out feeling like a million bucks . 
I seemed to be a thousand times cleaner than I was before I got it . 
I even smelled great the whole entire day . 
This morning , I finished reading the book I checked out the week before . 
After breakfast , I went to the library with my partner . 
I dropped my book off in the return bin after we walked in . 
She wanted to look at the section in the far back of the library , concerning the history of wood furniture . 
I had something special in mind . 
Science fiction is the genre I typically read , so I went in that direction . 
I browsed the long aisles for my favorite author , and saw that they had two copies of the book I was wanting to check out . 
I left quickly to the drinking fountain , and came back to find that there was only one copy left . 
I picked up the book and went to go find my partner , who had also found her book . 
The checkout line was fast , we had our library cards ready for the attendant and had no issue checking out the books . 
The drive home was relaxing , and we began reading right away after returning to the living room . 
A while back I realized I needed some instructional material for a project I was working on , and searching for information on the internet was n't yielding the results I desired . 
I thought about other sources of information and realized that the library would probably have a book pertaining to what I needed . 
So I got in my car and set off for the library . 
Once I got there , I signed up for a library card since I knew I 'd need that to be able to borrow a book . 
I then went to one of the reference computers and searched for the book I was looking for . 
I found the dewey decimal code for the book I wanted , and set off through the aisles . 
Finally , I found the aisle I was looking for . 
It only took me a moment from there to find the book I wanted . 
Book in hand , I went back to the library counter . 
I told the librarian I 'd like to borrow the book . 
She wrote my information down and on the insert in the book , and gave me a due date . 
Then I was on my way . 
That 's how I borrowed a book from the library . 
Taking a bath is a delightful experience . 
I first set the scene by putting on some music , maybe even some candles if I 'm feeling particularly luxurious . 
Some people like to have a glass of wine or two , but I prefer a refreshing diet coke in my bath . 
I like trying out different bath bombs and bath melts from beauty stores like LUSH , they scent the water , create bubbles and contribute to an overall pleasant experience . 
I fill the bath with warm to hot water , since I like to bathe after a good workout and my sore body appreciates the heat . 
If I 'm using bubble bath I can pour it in with the water , if I 'm using a bath bomb I crumble it in little by little . 
Once the water is at an appropriate depth I turn off the faucet and sink into bliss . 
I let myself soak until the water cools too much and by then I feel refreshed and content . 
I had some sore muscles so I decided to take a bath . 
First , I showered to get the dirt off me . 
Then I stepped over to the bathtub and stopped the drain . 
I turned the faucet on its hottest setting . 
As the steamy water was running , I opened my bathroom cabinet and found a box of bubble soap . 
I poured a little bit of the powder into the tub and the water started to foam up . 
The bubbles smelled like lavender and it was very relaxing . 
When the tub was filled , I turned off the faucet and stepped away to give the water a chance to cool off a bit . 
I found my magazine and poured myself a glass of juice . 
I tied my hair into a ponytail and got a towel and my robe and slippers to put next to the tub for when I was ready to get out . 
Then I tested the water . 
It felt warm but not too hot . 
I slipped my body under the foam and relaxed . 
I read my magazine and soaked in the lavender bubbles . 
When the water started to get too cold , I stood up and grabbed my towel . 
I patted myself dry and then put on my robe and slippers . 
I pulled the drain from the tub and let the water go down . 
I felt very relaxed . 
I go to the library very often and am always borrowing books . 
When I decide to go , I take any books with me that I have read and need to return . 
Once I get to the library , I will walk in and put any books in the return slot that I have brought back . 
I will then go to the section where they put all the new releases of books and see if there are any that I am meaning to read . 
I also check out my two favorite sections of the library and grab a couple of the books that I have been meaning to read or that are the next in a series . 
When I 'm ready to borrow the books , I head up to the main desk and wait in line . 
When it is my turn , I place the books on the counter for the person to scan . 
I also have to give them my library card so that they can keep track of who is borrowing the books . 
They scan my card , and then print out a receipt that shows when my books will each be due . 
They put the receipt inside one of the books so that I wo n't lose it , and after I thank them for their help , I head home to begin reading my new books . 
Every time I have to go to school or work I have to always ride a public bus . 
I have to make sure that I am by the bus stop in order to catch the bus on time . 
When I get on the bus , I have to pay the bus fare . 
I live in a big city , so there 's always a lot of people needing to take the bus . 
Therefore ; sometimes I am not lucky to find a seat to sit on . 
In that case , I would have to stand up . 
Overall , riding a bus is not enjoyable because it tends to be dirty , people are very loud , and it is very crowded . 
Not to mention , it always smells like urine . 
My commute is always a long one . 
I usually stay on the bus for one hour . 
For that one hour on the bus , I listen to music or play on my cell phone . 
Eventually , I get to my stop . 
I get off the bus and reach my destination . 
Before going shopping I make a shopping list and look through my fridge and cupboards to make sure I buy everything I need . 
I then get into my car and drive to the store . 
Upon entering the store I grab a shopping cart and walk to the fresh fruits and vegetables . 
After getting all of my fresh items I go to the butcher stand and get some chicken and beef . 
I sometimes make a stop to et lunch meat and bread so I can make sandwiches for lunch . 
Next I go to the dairy section where I buy cheese , milk and eggs . 
After that I go buy some snacks and canned items . 
To end my trip I go to the frozen foods section because I want to make sure my frozen items stay cold until I am home . 
I get in line and wait to be cashed out . 
I almost always pay with my credit card so I do n't have to worry about money . 
I then leave the store , head home and unload all my groceries . 
I was excited for the upcoming party . 
I knew that I had a big day ahead of me which would be filled with planning and buying groceries . 
i made a list of everything that I would need . 
Chips , dip , pretzels , soda , cheese , crackers , frozen pizza , and frozen mozzarella sticks were just some of the things I needed to get . 
I drove to the supermarket and decided to get a big shopping cart to put everything in . 
I checked my list and then pushed my shopping cart from aisle to aisle . 
I saw that the chips were on sale so I was able to get an extra bag . 
After all of the snacks I went to the frozen aisle in order to get the pizza and mozzarella sticks . 
It was time for checkout so i waited on line until it was my turn . 
The cashier scanned my items and I swiped my credit card to pay for them . 
She bagged everything up and I was ready to go on my way home . 
I flew in an airplane for the first time when I was eight years old . 
I was on my way to Disney World . 
I was very nervous and was n't sure what to expect ! 
I sat down next to my mom and she explained what would happen . 
She told me the flight attendant would talk to us about safety but that air travel was very safe and I should worry . 
Then she told me that we were getting ready to take off ! 
She told me we 'd go up in the air and then the wheels would retract . 
I was relieved to know what that sound was when I heard it , otherwise I would have been nervous ! 
It was a smooth flight and soon we were in Florida ! 
I noticed we were starting to go lower . 
My mom gave me some gum to help relieve the pressure in my ears . 
I heard the wheels come back down and soon we had landed ! 
It 's spring ! 
After a long and dreary winter , most of us are ready to see green plants , blooming flowers , and a clean cut green lawn in our yards . 
Springtime is also an opportunity to freshen up our yards with new plants . 
Taking this into consideration , I decided to make a trip to my local lawn and garden shop . 
As expected the shop had tons of blooming pot flowers . 
I could n't help but pick at least one . 
I was tempted to even buy a fruit plant , but decided to save my money and buy that another time . 
What particularly took my interest was a young oak sapling that was hiding in the back behind all the potted flowers . 
I did n't have any oak trees in my yard , and to be honest neither did anyone in my neighborhood . 
I thought it would be a fantastic idea to introduce this tree to my front yard . 
So I paid the $ 15 for the young sapling and prepared to plant it next to my driveway . 
To begin , I found a small shovel from my garage and dug out a 1 foot diameter and 1 foot deep circular hole . 
I picked out any rocks that were remaining in the hole , removed any surrounding weeds . 
Then I removed the tree from its temporary pot and put it and the nutrient-filled soil it came in into the hole I dug out . 
Then filled the rest of the hole with dirt , gave the plant a little water , and waited for it to grow into a big healthy tree . 
I was going to make dinner on Sunday , so I needed to go grocery shopping . 
I made a list of all the items I needed . 
I got in my car and drove to the grocery store . 
I entered the store and got a shopping cart to put all of my food items inside . 
I got out my list and found all the items I needed and put them in my cart . 
When I was done getting everything I stood in line to check out . 
I put my food on the conveyor belt and the cashier rung up my items . 
She told me the total cost of all of the items . 
I got out my wallet and took out the appropriate money and paid the bill . 
The bag boy put all of my bags into my shopping cart . 
I left the store and unloaded all of my goods into the trunk of my car and drove home . 
Yesterday , I went to the grocery store to buy food . 
I went to my locally-owned supermarket , Bet-R , because I like to support small businesses . 
I go in the early afternoons when I can to avoid the rush of people going after school or work -- that way I do n't have to wait in long lines at checkout . 
I brought my shopping list with me : eggs , milk , bread , pasta , and other staples . 
I picked up a handbasket as my list was not large and began to peruse the aisles . 
I picked up everything on my list , except one thing . 
They were out of my favorite variety of pasta sauce , so I bought a new kind to try instead . 
I did not intend to pick up anything that was not on my list , but I noticed the pints of strawberries were very inexpensive and decided to buy some as well . 
I was finished in about 20 minutes and got in line for checkout . 
I paid for my groceries and packed them in the reusable bag I had brought along with me . 
Then I returned home . 
On Arbor Day of 2014 , I planted a tree . 
I chose a hardy Colorado Blue Spruce evergreen tree from arborday.org . 
This website makes learning about planting trees easy . 
I could have chosen to wait to plant my tree because they come in tiny plastic tubes that can be stored in the refrigerator for when I am ready . 
The Colorado Blue Spruce grows well in my area of the United States . 
I 'm not a tree expert so I wanted a tree that would not need a lot of skill to plant . 
It will be many , many years before my tree becomes a tall and magnificent giant but I know I did something good for our Earth by planting it . 
I am going to plant a tree every year for Arbor Day because I loved how easy it was . 
It has only been a year but my little tree is growing out of the ground and I have n't had to do anything to tend to it . 
Baking a cake begins with a good recipe that you want to use . 
Follow the recipe to get all the ingredients at the store . 
Assuming you have all the ingredients , you will also need to acquire all the tools necessary to bake the cake . 
This usually includes measuring cups , mixing bowls , and the actual mixer . 
You will then follow the recipe to measure out the ingredients in the exact proportions that the recipe calls for . 
This has to be done very accurately else the cake will not bake properly . 
Once all the ingredients in the mixing bowl , use the mixer to mix all the ingredients into a nice batter . 
Be sure to mix until all the lumps are gone . 
Next pre-heat the over to the temperature the recipe calls for . 
Once the oven is pre-heated you can pour the cake batter into a cake pan and then put the cake pan into the over . 
Set the timer for however long the cake is supposed to bake for and be ready to take out the cake when the timer is done . 
Be careful when taking the cake out of the oven as the cake and the over will be extremely hot . 
Once the cake cools , you can decorate the cake with icing and other toppings for an enjoyable treat ! 
In the late spring , I bought a beautiful little tree from a nursery . 
The workers there helped me find a type of tree that would grow tall and give good shade in the summer . 
When I went home , I thought about the best place in my backyard to put the tree . 
The tree 's roots were tied up in a little bag with some potting soil to give it water and nutrients for a little while , but it had to be put in the ground soon to keep it healthy . 
I went to my garden shed and got some tools so I could plant it as soon as possible . 
First I got a big wheelbarrow to help me carry everything I needed . 
In the wheelbarrow , I put the little tree , a shovel , a big watering can , and a garden rake . 
Then I pushed it to the spot in my yard that I wanted to put the tree . 
I took the tree and all the tools out of the wheelbarrow , except for the shovel . 
Then I pushed my wheelbarrow to my compost bin at the other side of my garden . 
I one by one , I scooped a shovelful of compost into my wheelbarrow until there was enough to fill a couple of buckets . 
The compost would help the tree get a head start on growing tall and healthy . 
I pushed the wheelbarrow back to where I wanted to plant the tree . 
Next , I had to dig a hole so the tree would be secure in the ground . 
I stuck the tip of the shovel in the ground and pushed down hard on it with my foot . 
The ground gave way , and I was able to scoop the dirt out of the way . 
I did this until I had a round hole over two feet deep . 
I put the tree in the hole , but it would not stand up straight , and instead leaned on one side of the hole . 
I slowly scooped compost and dirt into the hole , carefully adjusting the tree to stand upright again after each shovelful . 
I patted the earth down to keep it compact . 
After a lot of hard work , the hole was finally filled with dirt and compost , and the tree was standing upright and strong . 
I smoothed over the dirt and compost with my garden rake , then filled up the watering can with water from a hose . 
I slowly poured the water over the freshly raked dirt , letting the water soak into the ground . 
The tree was planted and ready to grow ! 
A friend of mine had a birthday coming up , so I decided to bake her a cake . 
I knew that she loved vanilla cake with chocolate icing , so that is what I decided to make . 
I had a cookbook that has a nice and easy recipe for vanilla cake . 
I got out the cookbook and read the ingredients list . 
I decided to take out all the ingredients at once to make it easier and make sure I had everything I needed . 
When I had everything I needed , I took out the bowls and pan and began to mix the ingredients . 
I did it just as the recipe stated , so I would n't miss anything and make the cake taste funny . 
When the cake batter was complete , I poured it into a pan and put it in the oven that was already hot . 
I set the timer on the oven . 
While the cake was baking , I read the recipe for the chocolate icing . 
I got all those ingredients out and proceeded to make the icing . 
It came out great and was very chocolaty tasting . 
Now the cake was done so I took it out to cool off . 
It looked very nice . 
When it had cooled off , I proceeded to frost the cake with the icing I had made . 
It was hard at first , but I got the hang of it and was able to smooth out any lumps I made very easily . 
I put some candles on the cake to finish it . 
When I gave it to my friend , she was so excited . 
We lit her candles and she blew them out . 
We all had a slice of cake and everyone agreed that this was the best tasting cake they had ever had . 
I was very proud that I made such a great cake . 
One day I noticed that I was running out of food and needed to go grocery shopping . 
I drove down to Sams Club and showed the man my card , got my shopping cart , and was on my way to get my things . 
I went through the aisles picking up everything I needed . 
Steaks , milk , eggs , pizza , bread , all the usual things . 
I also stopped along the way and tried some of the free samples they had in the store . 
The ice cream sandwich I tried was so good I ended up getting a box even though it was not on my list . 
I guess their sales pitch worked . 
After I had everything that I needed I took my cart to the register and waited in line to get checked out . 
I put all my items on the belt and got rung up by the cashier . 
I then paid the woman and left the store . 
On the way out I decided to rent a Redbox movie for the night since the kiosk was right by the store . 
Last year we had a fire . 
A large fire , that burned down homes and trees . 
I felt lucky that my home had survived , but the trees nearby had not . 
I had just returned from a trip to the nursery where I had picked out a couple of small fruit bearing saplings . 
One was cherry , the other was plum . 
Now they sit next to the car , along with a shovel . 
After some consideration , I pulled on my gloves and stepped out into the now barren area next to my house to dig two holes , approximately 20 feet apart . 
I wanted to give them room to grow , yet close enough to have company . 
This thought amused me . 
I places each sapling into its hole , patting new earth around it in a mound . 
The I turned on the water hose , and gave them a good drink , tapping down the new earth with the shovel . '' 
`` Welcome home '' '' I thought , as I smiled . 
I decided to bake a cake for my friend 's birthday . 
I went to the store and purchased all the necessary ingredients . 
When I got home , I turned on the oven to let it preheat . 
I opened the box of cake mix and poured it into a bowl . 
Following the instructions , I mixed in oil , eggs , and water until it was blended well . 
I poured the batter into a cake pan and put it into the oven to bake . 
While the cake was baking , I prepared the frosting by mixing powdered sugar , butter , milk and vanilla . 
I also added some blue food dye to make the cake blue . 
When the cake was finished baking and cooling off , I iced the cake with the frosting . 
When it was covered , I took some sprinkles and wrote '' `` Happy Birthday Joshua '' '' across the top . 
I added some candies around the edges and finished by putting the birthday candles on the cake . 
I brought the cake to his birthday party and everybody loved it . 
The simplest way to make cake is with a mix . 
Just open the box and mix in some eggs , some water , and maybe some oil . 
Grease two round pans by rubbing them with a stick of butter , pour in the batter , bake as directed and you are done . 
Making a coffee cake with Bisquick baking mix is only slightly harder , but the product is not really what some people call a cake . 
There are also delicious cakes that are really store-bought baked goods layered with ice cream . 
But for a birthday , an actual homemade cake is traditional . 
I make such a cake in two separate bowls and then combine the mixtures . 
I also use a stand mixer , though even that can feel like cheating . 
First , I lay out all my ingredients , and preheat the oven . 
I prepare two round pans , by greasing with butter or pan spray , sprinkling with flour and shaking out the excess . 
Next , I cream the butter and sugar together , on a medium-high mixer setting . 
Then I mix in eggs and then vanilla . 
In a separate bowl , I combine the flour , baking powder , and salt . 
Now , I add the dry ingredients to the butter mixture , a little at a time , alternating with the milk , while I mix at medium high . 
It is important not to over mix , so I only combine until the lumps are gone and it looks glossy . 
I fill the pans evenly , and place in the oven so they do not touch and one is not directly above the other . 
When the time is up , or they smell done , I press lightly in the center of the cake with one finger . 
If it springs back it is done . 
I cool on a wire rack , run a knife around the edge , invert it on a plate to remove while still warm . 
I frost liberally , and I do n't forget the candles . 
My husband and I went to the nursery to look at trees . 
We wanted to plant a tree in the front yard , but we were n't sure what to get yet . 
We wandered through the nursery and considered a few of our option . 
We did n't want a large tree , like a pine tree . 
We did n't want a small tree , like a Japanese maple . 
We wanted something in-between . 
When we spoke to one of the workers at the nursery , he suggested that we plant a crabapple . 
It would have green leaves , and would have white flowers in the spring . 
We took the tree home in the back of our truck . 
My husband used our shovel to dig a hole in the ground . 
It took him some time - you have to dig a pretty big hole when you plant a tree ! 
Then I helped him carry the tree over to the hole . 
We had to cut off the plastic bucket it was in . 
When we were done , we put it in the hole , and I helped by holding the tree steady and pushing dirt into the hole . 
Once we had filled in all the dirt around the tree , we turned on the sprinklers . 
We wanted to water the tree and get it off to a good start . 
We were excited to have a new tree in the front yard . 
Since it 's Spring now , I decided that my yard needed another tree in it . 
I walked around the yard for a while deciding where I wanted to put it . 
Once I picked the spot out , I got online and looked up what kinds of trees grow best in my area . 
I decided on a nice pine tree and headed to the nursery . 
I took a little time looking at their pine trees until I found the one I liked . 
I bought it and some topsoil to plant it in and got them loaded into my car . 
Once I was home , I grabbed my shovel and went out to the place I wanted to put the tree . 
I started digging and kept at it until I had a hole deep and wide enough to fit the little tree in . 
I put it in the hole and filled around it with the nice topsoil I bought so I had good dirt to start growing in . 
I spread out the dirt I had taken out of the hole so I did n't have a pile of dirt , then watered the tree and put my tools away . 
I knwo it will take years , but that tree is going to look great once it ; s bigger . 
The other day I went for a ride in an airplane . 
I drove to the airport with my significant other and we took our bags . 
We stood in line to check our bags and receive our tickets . 
We also had to go through a security checkpoint . 
Once on the plane you wait a little while for everyone to be seated and then the pilot announces that the plain will be taking off . 
When the plane is going up into the air it can feel kind of funny but once the plane reaches a certain height it is usually smooth sailing . 
There can sometimes be some turbulence but there is usually just a smooth ride . 
Sometimes a flight attendant asks you if you want anything like something to drink or eat . 
There is a bathroom on the plane if you have to go and you can even shave in there . 
Once you get off the plane you grab your bags and off you can go safely . 
I went grocery shopping late last night . 
I like going at night because it 's not so crowded . 
First I made a list of the things I needed then headed to the store . 
Another nice thing about shopping late is that you get to park right near the door , which makes things easier when you come out . 
Once I got inside , I grabbed a shopping cart and took out my list . 
There was nothing out of the ordinary on the list , so I started heading down the aisles just like I always do . 
I always keep track of the cost of everything I pick out on my tablet as I go so that I know if I can afford anything extra . 
The time a couple thing I needed were on sale , so I did have some extra money . 
I decided that I needed some cookies and headed over the the cookie aisle . 
I looked at the Oreos for a little while , then checked the other cookies . 
I decided on chocolate chip cookies this time , so I put the on top of the other things in my cart and went to the checkout lane . 
I paid and got everything bagged , then headed out to my car . 
I got everything in the trunk , put the cart away and headed home to put my groceries away and have some chocolate chip cookies . 
I went out to my backyard with the appropriate tools needed to plant my tree . 
I was planning on planting an orange tree as I could harvest the oranges once they become ripe . 
I started digging into the soil where my old tree used to be -LRB- but was unfortunately torn down as a result of old age and danger of power lines , but I got the clear to plant another tree if I had wished -RRB- . 
I then planted my several orange tree seeds into the ground , and started covering them with dirt again . 
I tilled the dirt over and around the planted seeds to smooth out the surface . 
I then took my garden hose and watered the area for about ten to fifteen minutes . 
Once I was done with watering , I made sure the seeds did not get flooded to the surface of the soil as a result of my watering , to which I noticed they had been finely secured underground . 
I put my materials away and went back into my house . 
I was so excited to go on my first trip to Florida by airplane . 
I made sure to buy a window seat so I could see the beautiful view from high up in the sky . 
I listened carefully to the flight attendant as she gave her speech about safety precautions . 
After she finished the pilot got on the loud speaker and informed us that we will be taking off shortly . 
He told us what time we will be landing in Florida and even the temperature it will be when we landed . 
He then told us to buckle our seat belt and turn off any electronic devices we may have with us . 
A couple minutes later the engine came to life and the plane started moving towards the runway . 
When it reach the runway it started to speed up very fast and after a minute I felt the plane lift off of the ground . 
I looked out the window and saw us leaving the ground . 
When we reach our cruising altitude the pilot informed us it was now safe for us to take off our seat belts . 
I looked out the window and found myself amazed as we soared over the clouds . 
For my english class , I had to read a book about President Obama . 
Normally , I am able to find a pdf copy of a book online but I could n't find this book . 
I had no choice but to go to the library to take out this book . 
While I was at the library , I had to wait on line to speak to the librarian . 
I wanted the librarian to help me find the book since the library was a huge library . 
I would n't be able to find the book on my own . 
When I was finally able to speak to the librarian about the book , she was very warm and helpful . 
Not only did she tell me where the book was at but she personally walked with me to the area . 
On the way , she made small talk and asked why am I reading the book ? 
I told her it was for an english class . 
A minute later , we came to the area where the book was located . 
She picked up the book and handed it to me . 
Soon , she helped me check out the book . 
Finally , I had the book and I left the library . 
I was feeling like relaxing after a long day , so I had the idea to take a bath . 
I went to the bathroom . 
I removed my clothes . 
Then I started the water and adjusted the temperature with the faucet . 
I grabbed some bath oils and put them in the water . 
Once the water was high enough , I stepped into the tub . 
It was very warm . 
I slid my body underneath the water . 
Steam drifted up from the surface of the water . 
I felt my muscles loosening up and relaxing . 
The bath oils gave off a minty aroma . 
After some time luxuriating in the water , I took my washcloth and put some soap on it . 
I began to soap up my skin . 
I started with my face , then worked my way down to my feet . 
Once I went over my whole body , I rinsed off the washcloth and hung it up . 
The water began to feel lukewarm , so I decided to end my bath . 
I took out the stopper and stepped out of the tub . 
It had been a long , hard day and I needed a good bath . 
First I picked out clean clothes and got towels from the hall closet . 
Then I went into the bathroom . 
I put the plug in the bathtub drain , and then started to fill the tub with nice hot water . 
Not too hot though . 
I disrobed and stepped into the tub , then carefully settled in . 
First I got my hair wet , shampooed , and washed away the shampoo using a toy bucket . 
I wet my washcloth , rubbed it heartily with soap until a lather formed , and then scrubbed my skin all over until I was good and clean . 
I submerged in the tub water and soaked for a while . 
I spent a bit of time with a toy submarine , pretending it was in the ocean . 
At the end , I pulled the plug and let the water drain . 
I took a quick shower to rinse off any soap . 
Then I dried myself , got out of the tub and put on the clean clothes . 
I felt much better . 
Yesterday after lunch I decided I wanted a book to read . 
I went to my local library and browsed the shelves for something I would enjoy reading . 
After finding my favorite section of the library I looked at the titles of each book . 
I picked out a book I thought sounded interesting and read the back cover to make sure the story sounded amusing . 
After reading the back cover I was excited about the contents of the book . 
I took the book up to the front of the library where the librarian sat at her desk . 
I informed her that I found the book I wanted and was ready to check out . 
She scanned the bar code on the book and let me know it was due to be returned in five days . 
I left the library full of anxiousness to go read my book . 
Today is the first day for my new job . 
This new job is near the center of the city an parking is horrible . 
So I decided the best thing to do was take a bus to work . 
I got a bus schedule and found the nearest bus stop to my house and went over the times of the buses . 
. 
Since I would have to take 2 buses to get to work I had to make sure of the I would be able to meet the next bus and get to work on time . 
As I waited on the corner for my bus , a few other people came up to wait also . 
The bus pulled up and we all boarded and paid our fare and I got a transfer for the second bus . 
As the bus was in route I decided to read my paper . 
I happened to look up and notice that I was close to my stop so I pulled the cord to let the bus driver know I wanted to get off , he pulled over and wished me a good day and I in kind said the same to him . 
I waited a few moments for the next bus , As I board the next bus , and sat down i pulled out my newspaper and finished reading the news . 
The bus let me off a half a block from my new job , as I walked the short way I thought this will not be so bad , a bit more time to get to work but I liked riding the bus . 
A few weeks ago , I took a bath . 
I do not normally take baths , instead I take showers , but I had the house to myself . 
My back was hurting and I wanted to relax with some heat on it . 
I start out cleaning up the bathtub . 
It is not dirty really , but I want the tub to be spotless if I am going to be taking a bath . 
I first took a quick shower to get everything washed off and clean . 
I did n't want to sit in a tepid pool of my own fifth . 
After that was finished , I turned on the hot water and filled the tub . 
I like to have a really hot bath , because it generally gets cold so quick . 
I found some of my daughter 's bubble bath and added a pretty generous amount . 
I figured , Hey , you have to treat yourself right . 
So , I got it and folded a towel for my head and laid down . 
I had a beer while I was relaxing in the tub . 
My back was loosening up and I was feeling better after about fifteen minutes . 
The water was getting cold , so I decided to get out . 
I dried off and got dressed and I felt a lot better . 
Riding in a public bus is an inexpensive way to get around your city . 
I did this often last year . 
First , I look up where I need to go on google maps and map it from my address to my destination address using public transit as my option . 
I then factor the departure and arrival times into my schedule , as well as make sure I have the proper amount of cash and\/or change for the fare . 
I would then walk to the bus stop at least 5 minuted ahead of time , as they can sometimes come early . 
When the bus appears I wait for him to stop and then I greet the driver , deposit the fare -LRB- exact change -RRB- and take a seat where available . 
While on the bus I look out the window to see where I am , and make sure that I press the button or pull the cord when my stop is near . 
Today I decided to pick out a book from the library . 
I got in my car and drove a couple of miles from my house down to the library . 
I walked inside . 
I began by looking through the fiction section . 
I scanned the rows of books for familiar author names or interesting titles . 
I picked up a few books and read the first page or so of each one . 
Once I found one that looked like it would be a good read , I picked it up and took it over to the front counter . 
There was a short line , so I waited while other people signed up for library cards and checked out books . 
Once I arrived at the counter , the librarian took my book and scanned it . 
She told me it would be due two weeks from now , and gave me a receipt . 
I thanked her and exited the library . 
I was about to go on a trip and I knew I 'd want some books to read on the plane and on the beach . 
I 'd spent enough money on this trip , no need to pay for books too ! 
Instead , I found my library card and headed down to my local branch of the county library . 
There , I perused the shelves . 
They say not to pick a book by it 's cover but I always do . 
I always find myself grabbing the books the librarians have put up on display on top of the shelves . 
Soon I had an armful of books and I headed for the desk . 
The librarian was very friendly as she scanned a code inside each book and then asked for my library card . 
As I headed for the door , she reminded me the books would be due back in two weeks . 
That worked out perfectly , because that happened to be right when I would be back from my trip . 
I went on a bike ride in the afternoon yesterday , the weather had an amazing break of sunlight , and I had to take advantage of it . 
Gearing up for the bike ride was n't very time consuming , it only took about 5 minutes to change , grab my helmet , and fill a water bottle from the sink . 
I left home , and progressed close to 6 miles before I heard a low hiss escape from somewhere below where my feet were . 
I almost knew immediately that it was going to be a flat tire . 
I had my friend pick me up , they helped get me home without further incident . 
After getting my bike up on it 's stand , I began to peel the bad tire off the rim , finding the tube had a small puncture . 
I decided to to replace the tube entirely , and fitted the tube and tire back onto the rim , fixing the issue of the flat tire . 
My bike tire was flat so I went to the bike shop and bought a replacement . 
I first took the old tire off of my bike . 
Then I set my bike on a rack to that the flat tire would be easy to get to . 
Then I put the new tire around the wheel to see if it fits . 
It did . 
Then I put the new tire into the grooves inside the wheel . 
Then I walked with my bike to the gas station just around the corner to fill it up with air . 
I put a quarter into the air machine and put my bike next to the air hose and filled the tire up . 
I checked the air pressure with a gauge and it was alright . 
I felt around the tire to make sure that it was solidly in place and it was . 
The other day , my best friend and I were riding to his house . 
When we were almost there , I noticed that the front tire on my bicycle felt rather wobbly and was most likely flat . 
I was in luck however , as my friend had a bicycle repair kit and some spare tires . 
Once we arrived at my friend 's house , I asked my friend if he let me borrow his bicycle repair kit . 
First , I turned the bike over and removed the front tire and tube . 
Next I filled the tube with air to check where the tube was damaged , and found a small glass shard which had punctured through it . 
After making ensure the tube was fully deflated , I repaired the puncture in the tube by using glue and applying a patch on top , then slid it back onto the tire using my hands . 
Next , I placed and pushed the tire back onto the tube . 
After which , I reconnected the tire onto the bicycle . 
Finally , I pumped air into the tire until it was filled up and the bicycle was ready to be ridden again . 
I went out to ride my bicycle one morning , only to find that my front tire was very flat . 
I grabbed my manual air pump and tried to put air into it , but it would not hold any and kept going flat . 
I heard a hissing sound , so I knew I had punctured the tire somehow . 
Luckily I had a spare inner tube that I could put on . 
I flipped my bicycle over and took a wrench to remove the tire from the spokes . 
It was kind of greasy and messy , but I did n't mind . 
I was able to get it off pretty easily . 
I then pushed the tire off of the rim all the way around . 
When the tire was off the rim , I took the spare tube I had and put it all around the inside of the tire . 
I then pushed the tire back onto the rim . 
It did not go on as easily as it came off , and it took a bit of struggling with the tire to get it back on . 
Finally I had it on . 
I took my manual air pump and pumped up the tube inside of the tire . 
It held air very nicely , and I did n't hear any hissing and it did not go flat . 
I then put the tire back on the front bicycle fork , and tightened the nuts so it would hold very well and not slip or come off . 
I then flipped my bicycle over and made sure the tire was still holding air . 
It was , so I put on my helmet , and finally was able to enjoy my morning bike ride . 
Every other month , I get a haircut from my favorite barbershop in the heart of the city . 
I love the barbershop because the haircuts are cheap and the barbers are always making jokes about ANYTHING . 
Last week , I went to the barbershop to get my hair cut with my friend , John . 
John and I took my car and arrived there around noon so that my favorite barber would be there . 
Luckily , my barber and another good barber were there and ready for us . 
We took our seats and they draped the long black cloth over our bodies so the hair would n't get all over us . 
Then , they combed our hair so that it made it easier to cut it . 
Next , they turned on their clippers and began cutting our hair . 
As they cut , they talked about all the big topics and new of the day . 
There were plenty of laughs just like I expected ! 
After they were done , they sprayed our hair with sheen , brushed us off , took off the cloth , and showed us the finished product in the mirrors . 
We looked great ! 
We paid them for the haircuts , with a nice little tip added on , and left the shop . 
After eating breakfast this morning I noticed that it was time for me to get off to work so I decided to walk down to the train station so I could be off to work . 
I always take the same train to work every day and I usually see a lot the same faces when I ride the train . 
I bought a ticket at the front and waited for the train to arrive . 
Once the train arrived I boarded the train and took a seat . 
I had to go 6 stops before I would arrive to work so I took out my phone and decided to send out some emails . 
After the first few stops the train started to get quite crowded so I decided to stand and give my seat up to an elderly gentleman . 
He was thankful for the seat and I was happy to do him the favor . 
The train then arrived at my stop and I got off to make my way to work . 
It was another enjoyable experience on the train . 
My hair had gotten really long , so I needed to get a haircut . 
I went downtown to the barber shop and checked in . 
There a few people ahead of me , so I had to wait a little while . 
But that gave me some time to look in the books to pick out a good style for my hair . 
When it was my turn , I showed the barber how I wanted my hair cut . 
I got up in the barber chair , and the barber put a paper towel around my neck so the hair would n't get down on my shirt . 
He put an apron on over me , and started cutting my hair . 
I watched in the mirror as bits of hair would fall down as he cut . 
I started to see the design I had chosen take shape . 
Before I knew it , he was brushing some loose hair off with his brush and I was all done . 
He did a great job , and my hair is just how I want it . 
I remembered the first long train trip i had , it was incredible . 
I was talking to my family about going on a trip to Virginia and they decided it was about time we booked the trip . 
My dad called Amtrak -LRB- train company -RRB- and ordered 5 tickets for the next weekend . 
When the weekend came we got onto the train . 
This train was different , it was a double-decker or a train with two floors . 
We got to our seats and to the side was huge windows that went from the back of the train car to the front . 
I could n't believe how incredible all the trees and birds looked . 
Then we got to the observation car . 
I did n't even think this type of car existed . 
The train car was all class except for the floor and the lower parts of the wall , above was all glass . 
Then we rode in the observation and watched as the rain fell down . 
It was an unbelievable event and I would highly recommend it . 
My friend and I set aside a date that we could meet each other . 
She lives in another area so I had to buy a train ticket . 
Since we planned the trip early , I was able to save a little bit of money . 
The trip would n't be for another two weeks . 
I bought the tickets online . 
Once the day finally came , I took a cab to the train station . 
It was n't very far . 
Once , inside the station , I checked the displays for any signs of my train being late . 
Today , there were n't any . 
About fifteen minutes later , my train showed up and I got on board . 
It was crowded but not as much as one of the local trains . 
I made sure to listen for any announcements about what stops we were arriving at so I 'd know when I was close to my destination . 
Finally , the train arrived at my destination and I met my friend just outside the station . 
I came home after work and desperately needed a bath to unwind from the long day . 
So , I went to the hall closet and I pulled out my towel , various lotions , bath potions and scrubby and took them into the bathroom . 
I sat my stuff beside the tub and turned on the water to a nice , warm temperature and put in the drain stopper . 
Since I did n't want to get my hair wet , I brushed it and put it up in a bun . 
Noticing that the tub was filling nicely , I added in my bath oil and got undressed , folding my clothes and setting them on top of the closed hamper . 
The tub was full enough , so I turned off the water and slid in . 
I washed my body with my special soaps and my scrubby . 
Rubbing down my legs and arms felt pretty good and made the tub smell even nicer . 
I then sat back and cleared my mind , letting my skin soak in the oils . 
After I had relaxed for a bit and the water started to cool , I pulled the drain plug and stood up to grab my towel and started to dry off . 
I used to go to the library all the time . 
I am a complete bookworm , and since I do n't have the time to read completely through a 200 page novel anymore , I do n't borrow books very often anymore . 
I loved to go look through all the fiction books . 
The science fiction and fantasy novels always caught my eye . 
I am just in love with the creative imagination involved with writing out such beautiful worlds and bringing me into them to see what they see . 
So after I had chosen my book , I would go up to the desk . 
When I was checking them out , you had to bring your library card so they could scan it . 
They would then scan the card , scan each book , and give you a card with a stamped due date on it . 
You could bring it back before that time , or , if the book was n't insanely popular and had no one waiting on it , you could recheck it out if you needed more time to read . 
I went to New York City on a business trip . 
I was In Manhattan . 
I wanted to go to Ellis Island . 
I looked up the bus numbers that I would need to take to get to Ellis Island and what time they run . 
I got on the first bus , which took me to the destination to catch the 2nd bus which would take me directly to Battery Park where I caught the ferry to go to Ellis Island . 
I stayed for a few hours . 
I looked up the bus routes to return to my location in Manhattan . 
I took the ferry back to Battery Park where I caught the bus that took me to the connecting bus to take me back to my location in Manhattan . 
The bus dropped me off one block away from where I was staying . 
I walked back to my hotel . 
I very much enjoyed my day of sightseeing using the public bus in New York City . 
A bath is an excellent way to relieve stress in your life . 
It 's a very simple process and recommended only if you have some time to yourself . 
Make sure to let everyone know that you are going to take a bath , and not to bother you . 
This works out much better if you are home alone . 
Head into your bathroom , and set the tub up to stop the water from draining . 
Turn the hot water on and let the tub fill up . 
If you would rather a cold bath then maybe a bath is n't the best choice for you . 
While the water is running make yourself a nice drink but if you are underage then sparkling grape juice works great . 
You can also light a candle and bring it in with you . 
Once the tub is full enter the tub and immediately feel the stress levels dropping . 
Once you have determined you are finished you can pull the plug and watch the water and your problems drain away ! 
I had been out working in the garden and was quite dirty , so I decided to take a bath . 
I went into the bathroom and plugged the hole , so the water would fill up . 
I turned on the hot water and I turned on the cold water until it was a pleasant temperature . 
I added some bubble bath to the water and let the tub fill all the way up . 
I got undressed and stepped into the bath tub . 
I used soap and a washcloth to clean myself . 
I used shampoo to clean my hair then I put conditioner in , so that my hair would be soft and silky . 
I let the conditioner soak in for awhile and then I rinsed it out . 
I rinsed off the soap from my body and got out of the tub . 
I grabbed a towel and dried off . 
Then I got dressed and went about my day . 
Yesterday , I went grocery shopping . 
Before I had left , I made a list of most of the things that I needed to buy for the week . 
I looked at the sales advertisement that had come in the mail and made a note of a few things that were on sale . 
I needed to buy milk , bread , eggs , coffee , and some items to make lunches for me to take to work for the week . 
When I got to the store , I first went to the deli and picked out some lunch meat . 
I got some turkey , ham , and salami . 
I then picked up some cheddar cheese . 
Near the deli , I grabbed some bread , which happened to be on sale . 
A few isles over , I found some decent coffee that was not on sale . 
My shopping was almost complete after I picked up a half gallon of milk and a dozen eggs . 
I saw that the yogurt was on sale , so I grabbed a few of those in my favorite flavors . 
I was trying to find some other things to make my lunch with , so I grabbed some bananas . 
I also picked up a bag of chips . 
It looked like I had everything that I needed for making lunches for the week . 
I was ready to leave , so I made my way towards the front of the store . 
I went into the express line because I had less than twenty items . 
I was finally done and I ended up finishing my shopping in less than a half hour . 
I was pleased with my efficiency . 
After a couple days from ordering the plane tickets online . 
I drove over to the airport which took about 45 minutes . 
Upon arriving there I parked my car and walked inside the airport . 
I had to go through security first which checked everything , and I walked to find the wing where my assigned airplane was at . 
Once I found it , I drop off my luggage and go to the clerk with my plane ticket . 
After she inspects it , I go on the airplane and sit onto my assigned seat . 
Since this was my first ride , I decided to not sit near the window in order to prevent getting sick . 
After the plane filled up with more people , we ended up taking off . 
During the ride everyone was very quite and there was a movie playing during the ride . 
After 2 hours the plane arrived to the next airport and I got off . 
I picked up my luggage , and met up with my friend who met me there . 
Last year I planted a fig tree with my grandfather . 
Ordinarily we would n't have to plant a tree , but his old tree had died over the winter . 
We live in kind of a cold climate so fig trees really do n't grow well here , and if they do you usually wo n't get figs . 
They 're more often used as ornamental plants around here , but the trees my grandfather has always produce figs . 
After we got rid of the old tree , we planted the new one near where the old one had been . 
The important thing about growing these kinds of trees in this area is getting them to survive the winter . 
What we did was we got a bunch of maple leaves and some chicken wire fencing . 
We wrapped the chicken wire around the tree and stuffed the space between with the leaves . 
Then we wrapped the whole thing with an insulated landscaping tarp . 
We will know in a couple of weeks if the new tree survived the winter . 
I like traveling by plane . 
I love the sound of the big metal bird racing off the runway . 
I have flown when the skies have been blue and other times the sky has been gray . 
I ' ve met many people traveling from different places on the globe . 
The one thing I will never understand is why the flight attendants only give you a half a can of soda and small bag of peanuts . 
I love the safety show the flight attendants put on in case there ' s an emergency . 
However , I hate turbulence because it sounds like the plane is banging into other planes in the sky . 
One time I flew on a plane with only nine other passengers . 
I had a seat to myself . 
I stretched out like I was at home and watched a movie . 
Undisturbed ! 
One day I hope to have a concession stand in an airport . 
They seemed to make a lot of money off people flying . 
My parents had purchased a new lemon tree that they wanted to plant , so I went to their house to help them plant it . 
My dad already had a place picked out to put the tree , so we went to work . 
We had to dig a fairly large hole and it took several hours . 
We had to take a break half way through because it was rather tiring . 
After the water break , we finished digging and we tested the depth by setting the bundled roots into the hole to make sure that it was deep enough . 
Since it was , I added some of the nutrient rich soil additives into the bottom of the hole and my dad watered the soil additives with the garden hose . 
We then cut the burlap off that had covered the roots and carefully set the tree into the hole . 
We took another break and then set in to refilling the hole with dirt . 
It took a long time to do , but it was well worth it . 
I left the hose turned on at the base of the tree so that it could get properly soaked and we went back into the house to properly cool off . 
On Friday , I decided to go grocery shopping . 
My mother made a list of all the items we needed and I went to go buy them . 
While I was at the grocery store , I looked for everything on the list . 
Some of them were hard to find , so I had to ask a worker where to find them . 
They were very helpful and pointed where to go . 
Some of the items were not available so I had to get a raincheck . 
After I got all the available items , I had to stand on line at the checkout . 
The line was very long and there were no other checkout lines open . 
It was frustrating because I did not have that much items to buy . 
Meanwhile , there were at least four people ahead of me with a lot of items to buy . 
I am very impatient . 
Fortunately , one person ahead of me was kind enough to let me skip him . 
I was very appreciative . 
Finally , I left the grocery store with my items . 
My friend and his wife have a dessert business and baking cakes is their specialty . 
Often , they 'll call me up to help them out in the shop for a few extra dollars if I have the time . 
I am always up to doing it ! 
It is messy , but it is fun , and I can lick the spoon ! 
Anyway , they were baking a few cakes the other day , and I came over just in time to help them with their last order . 
I put on my apron as we got out the flour , eggs , sugar , butter , and cake mix . 
We poured the cake mix , sugar , and flour in a bowl while we melted the butter and mixed it in with the eggs and some added water . 
Then , we mixed everything together with a beater . 
I swear , that is always the best part of baking a cake ! 
I licked the little beater things clean while my friend 's wife greased the pans . 
We then pour the cake batter into the pans and put it into the oven which had already been preheated to 350 degrees . 
We left them in the oven for 25 minutes and once they were done , we got them out and put them on a window sill to cool . 
Ah , the smell was wonderful ! 
Today I planted a tree . 
I used a small evergreen tree that I had purchased from a mail order company a few weeks before . 
Since it arrived just the day before , I had to plant it today , before it died . 
First I gathered up all the things I would need . 
I got my gloves , my shovel , my small trowel and my gardening apron , as well as some potting soil I had bought from the store earlier in the week . 
I carried all this to the spot I had picked out for my new tree . 
The first thing I did when I arrived at my spot was to take my shovel and dig a hole that was 12 inches deep . 
Next , I took the tree and removed that burlap sack that encased the roots , and placed the tree in the hole . 
I then used my small trowel to fill in the hole with the potting soil . 
After I was done I used the large shovel to tamp the dirt down around the tree , to pack it tight so the tree would n't fall over . 
Baking a cake and be fun and eating the cake even more fun . 
I have made cakes homemade from scratch using a recipe from my mom . 
But most of the cakes I have made have been from a box mix . 
I recently made myself a birthday cake . 
I made a German chocolate cake and it was delicious . 
Most box mixed call for a couple eggs and water . 
Sometimes you have to add oil also . 
The German chocolate cake I made called for oil and I used coconut oil . 
When you bake a cake you always have to oil and flour the cake pan so it does not stick . 
I used two round cake pans for my birthday cake but I have often used a square pan or a bunt pan . 
After taking a cake out of the oven you need to let it cool . 
I was eager for my birthday cake to cool so I could frost it . 
German chocolate cake typically has a coconut and pecan frosting and this is what I used . 
This morning , I went to the grocery store to pick up some food . 
I got a grocery cart and walked in the store . 
I looked at the sales that were advertised in the front of the store . 
Luckily , I saw that carrots were on sale , which was good because I needed to buy carrots . 
I walked to the produce section and located the carrots . 
I also picked up some pineapple , oranges , apples , and broccoli from the produce section . 
I walked over to the dry goods and selected some chicken noodle soup and spaghetti sauce from the shelf . 
I remembered that I also needed some milk , so I walked to the refrigerator area , opened the case , and selected low-fat milk . 
As I was walking to the register , I passed the yogurt and decided to buy a few cartons of yogurt as well . 
I walked to the register and waited in line to pay . 
When I reached the front of the line , I greeted the cashier while she rang up my food items . 
I gave the cashier the money to purchase my food and left the grocery store with my bags in my hands . 
My husband and I love trees . 
In the spring we bought some trees from a catalog and planted them in May . 
It was a nice warm day and the sun was shining . 
It was n't too hot because there was a cool breeze . 
We went out to the back garden with shovels and trowels , gardening gloves and the hose . 
We each dug a hole . 
Mine was for the white birch I had picked out , and my husband 's was for a hazel tree he had picked out . 
We laughed and talked as we worked , and the digging went quickly . 
The soil was also not too stony , which helped us greatly . 
Soon we had our trees in the holes , and held them upright as we scooped the dirt back into the holes with our trowels . 
We patted the dirt down , made sure the trees were upright , and gave them some water to grow on . 
Soon we would have two beautiful trees . 
One day I decided that my backyard was missing something . 
I walked around in my backyard and decided that a tree would go perfectly in the corner . 
I drove to my local plant store and walked around looking at all the various trees . 
I read the tags and found one that would do perfect in my climate and it looked very cool . 
I walked up to the worker and told them I would like to purchase the tree . 
They loaded the tree up and I paid for the tree and drove home . 
I brought the tree into the backyard and set it down . 
I took out my shovel and dug a large enough hole for the tree . 
I placed the tree in the hole and filled it in with dirt . 
Then I took my hose and watered the tree in place . 
I took a step back and marveled at how wonderful my new tree looked . 
I do most of the grocery shopping for my family , I really enjoy buying food . 
I went to the grocery and started with the produce section . 
It 's pleasant to see all the fresh greenery and ripe fruit on display . 
I picked out a bunch of asparagus and a bag of Minneola oranges . 
Then I moved on to the bread section where I chose a loaf of wheat bread and a French baguette . 
I was out of olive oil from cooking rigatoni last week , so I went to the oil section . 
Luckily they had my favorite brand , Frantoia . 
I selected a bottle and went on . 
During the rest of the trip , i bought meat , cereal , milk , eggs , freezer bags and other items . 
When I was finished i went to the cashier and had my purchases rung up . 
The total bill was $ 43.25 . 
I handed the cashier a 50 dollar bill , and received change of $ 6.75 . 
My grocery shopping was finished for the day . 
Last year I moved into a new house with my husband and my son . 
We decided that we wanted to start a garden . 
We planted flowers and vegetables , and we decided we would add a tree next to the garden . 
We knew that the tree would be a nice addition to the garden . 
Since I was unfamiliar with planting trees , I decided to look up different types of trees I could plant . 
I wanted to plant a tree that would grow well in our local climate . 
I went to the home and garden store to look at different trees . 
A salesperson helped me pick out a tree . 
I took it home and planted it according to the instructions . 
I made sure the soil was packed firmly at the base of the tree . 
Now that a year has passed , the tree has grown quite a bit . 
It is a nice plant that we all enjoy . 
The first thing to do is to make sure you have the ingridents that is required to make a cake . 
If I do n't I just head to the store and buy some supplies to make a cake and everything else I had to buy while I am there . 
In order to bake the cake , I preheat my oven to 350 degrees , and then i grease the cake pan . 
After the pan has been greased , I get all the wet ingredients and I start mixing them in a bowl . 
Then I pull all the dry ingredients and start mixing them in a separate bowl from the wet ingredients . 
After both bowls have been mixed in well , I start mixing in the dry ingredients in with the wet ingredients . 
After that has been mixed in well , I poor the cake mix into the pan very carefully and make sure it is applied evenly in the pan . 
After a while the oven should be ready , and I place the cake pan in the oven rack carefully and let it bake . 
I had never planted a tree before , so before we planted one , I had to do a lot of research . 
I had to look up what kind of tree would work best in my climate . 
I had to see which ones needed certain levels of care , look up different tree diseases , and the prices of some trees . 
I had to find something that would work well in my yard . 
When we finally picked a perfect tree , we had to take it home . 
It was very heavy ! 
Once we had it home , we had to dig a very big hole . 
After you roll the tree into the hole , you have to do something called facing the tree , which means you put the tree in the position you are happy with the already existing branches growing . 
You do n't want a huge branch going right toward your house ! 
To make facing easier , you should fill the hole halfway with water before putting the tree inside . 
After you face the tree , fill in the dirt , and pat yourself on the back for a job well done . 
With a family of five it seemed like all we ever did was go to the supermarket . 
Walmart and I built a strong personal relationship . 
Not only did they have household items and clothes that I loved , they had food . 
Every week I spend an hour online printing and sorting my coupons . 
It is always to good to grab extra deals even if it is just cents off . 
After compiling my coupons I make my shopping list and break it down to aisles . 
It 's so amazing that I have been to Walmart so many times that I remember their aisles . 
When I arrive in the food section I start with the middle aisles first and then I work my way around , getting milk last . 
Sometimes I have to buy so many things that I leave with two or three carts . 
Grocery shopping is beyond a tedious task that I hate to love . 
I go grocery shopping every week to get food and any other items that my husband and I need for the week . 
I wait to go shopping usually until Thursday or Friday so that I can use the weekly ads to make my list . 
I shop for items on sale , so I like to be very prepared . 
I also use the store 's apps on my phone to track what deals they are offering for me this week . 
I plan out my list based on the ads and the apps , and write each store 's name above the items I want to buy there . 
On the day I decide to go , I drive to the first store which is whichever one I am getting less more cold things at . 
This way , they will stay colder together than if I buy one cold thing and it 's sitting by itself in the heat of the car while I shop at the next store . 
I park my car as close as I can to the entrance and grab a cart . 
I begin by opening my list and deciding which part of the store I am going to start in , and then work my way to the other end as I get the items that I need . 
I try to go quickly so it does n't take much time . 
When I 'm ready , I go to the front of the store and get into a line with a number that is lit up . 
If I have less than 10 or 15 items , I will sometimes go to the express lane . 
I wait for it to be my turn and unload the groceries onto the conveyor belt . 
After the cashier rings up my items , I will pay with either cash or my credit card . 
The items get bagged up and placed into my cart for me . 
I thank the cashier and take the cart to where my car is parked and put the groceries inside it . 
I then go to the next store and get any items I need there . 
I drive home and bring all the groceries inside my house , and then put them all away wherever they go . 
I was a little nervous about my plane trip , but my friend was coming with me , and that made me feel a little better . 
We went to the airport , and gave our bags to an attendant to be checked onto the plane . 
We went through the security station to make sure everything was safe , then we were ready to go to our terminal . 
We were there a little early , so we grabbed a bite to eat at the restaurant while we waited . 
When the plane arrived , we gave the attendant our tickets and got on the plane . 
Once we were all seated , the flight attendant went over some safety rules with us before we took off . 
I watched out the window as we got higher and higher . 
It was a little scary , but kind of fun , too . 
The flight attendant came by and gave us all a little snack during the flight . 
By the time we landed , I was n't scared anymore . 
We went to get our bags from the big conveyer belt and were soon on our way from the airport . 
I love to borrow books from the library because it is so easy . 
I also love it because if I return things on time , it 's totally free ! 
I went to the library today to look for some gardening books . 
I did n't feel like using the computer to find the books , so I went through the dewey decimal system until I got to the gardening section . 
There were so many shelves of gardening books ! 
I found a few that I liked and decided I needed a basket . 
I got one from the circulation desk . 
After that , I decided to go find a movie and a video game for my family to enjoy . 
I browsed through the movies in alphabetical order and found a copy of Night at the Museum for my family to enjoy . 
I also found a copy of Mario Kart for the Wii . 
I took my items up to the front desk and checked them out . 
I will have to return them within a week . 
Yesterday my car broke down , so I was thinking of how I would get to work . 
I decided one of the best options would be to take a public bus . 
Since I 've never taken one before , I went to the city website and looked at a schedule of all the bus times and routes . 
When I had finally decided on the bus that I needed to take , it was time to put my plan into action . 
I left my house and walked over to the bus stop . 
There were a few other people waiting there as well . 
When the bus arrived I got on and paid the driver the fee , which was $ 1 . 
I then sat down and waited for the bus to arrive at my destination . 
It took about 40 minutes to get where I was going , and I arrived safely . 
I think that overall it was a pleasant experience . 
One afternoon , I decided to go to the library to check out some books and movies . 
It was too far away to walk , so I decided to ride the bus . 
I found a map and looked for my home and the library . 
On the map , there was a symbol that stood for '' `` Bus '' '' at a street corner a block from where I lived . 
There was another symbol for the bus on the road right in front of the library . 
I looked up the name of each of these stops on the map , and it said that the Number 5 bus goes to both of these stops . 
It also listed what times the Number 5 bus arrives at each of these stops . 
When it was a few minutes before the bus was due to arrive at the stop at my street corner , I checked my piggy bank and took out some dollar bills and quarters , and then I walked to the bus stop . 
After waiting for a few minutes , a big bus that said '' `` Number 5 '' '' pulled up , and the driver opened the door . 
I walked on and read the sign explaining the fare . 
I paid exactly what the sign said into the machine near the driver and found a seat near the middle of the bus . 
As the bus drove down the road , the names of each stop appeared in writing near the front of the bus . 
An electronic voice also said the names out loud so that the deaf would know what stop they are approaching . 
Sometimes the bus driver would stop and let more people on board , and sometimes people got off . 
Sometimes there was nobody waiting at a stop and nobody trying to get off , so the driver kept on moving . 
When I saw the name of the stop outside the library appear , I pulled a big yellow cord hanging above the window . 
This made a noise and notified the bus driver that I wanted to get off at this stop . 
He stopped the bus when we arrived , opened the doors , and I got off to enjoy my afternoon at the library . 
I was tired from a long day of baseball practice and could not wait to take a bath . 
I was pretty muddy from sliding into home plate and scoring the winning run . 
I went into the bathroom and started running the water in the bathtub . 
I put the hot and cold faucets both on to make sure the water was warm but not too hot . 
After the tub filled up a little over the halfway point I got into the bath . 
I had some bubble bath shampoo with me so I put that into the water and had fun playing with the bubbles . 
I washed the soapy water all over my body and felt clean and refreshed . 
After about ten minutes I turned the water off and grabbed a nearby towel . 
I toweled off and put my dirty clothes in the laundry basket . 
I was ready for another nine innings of baseball . 
There is a book I wanted to read . 
However , I was n't sure if it was a book I actually wanted to buy . 
Instead , I decided to go to the public library to see if I could borrow it . 
Once I got to the library , I decided to use the card catalog to see if the particular book I wanted was carried by the library . 
Luckily , it was . 
I used the paper and pen provided to write down the aisle and shelf number where the book would be located . 
Walking down the aisles of shelves , I found the one where my book should have been . 
However , it was n't there . 
I then went to the front desk and asked the librarian if the book was out . 
She told me it had just come back in , and if I could wait a bit for it to be processed , I could then borrow it . 
Once she checked it in , she let me have it and I then checked it out . 
I had to show her my library card , and she told me my due date to return the book was in two weeks . 
The first time I took a bath , I enjoyed it so much that I did not want to stop . 
It felt like I was sitting in a pool of warm water . 
I was a young kid so it was a bubble bath and I had some toys to play with . 
Either my mother or my father would wash my hair for me then they would help me wash the remainder of my body . 
But they just told me not to splash the water and to keep the water in the tub . 
I would play with my toys and get all clean in the bath tub . 
After a few years I learned how to wash my own hair and I would prefer to take a bath over a shower since it was more fun to sit and relax in the warm water and enjoy a fun evening . 
From the best of my memory , I remember that I always loved taking a bath . 
Then when I am done in the bath tub , I would get out and wrap up in a huge dry cotton towel and dry off ! 
First , I get in the bathroom and make sure that there is a clean towel . 
If there is not , I go and grab a clean one . 
Then I pull the shower curtain and start the water as hot as it goes . 
While the water is warming up , and the tub is filling , I brush my hair out . 
When the tub is filled , I get undressed , pull the curtain back and get in the tub . 
If I am taking a bath for pleasure , I will put on some enjoyable music and light some candles . 
If I am sitting in the tub for enjoyment I will relax and maybe read a book . 
If not , I will wet my hair and apply shampoo and rinse it out . 
Then i will apply conditioner and let it sit in my hair . 
While its sitting , I wash my body with soap , and then rinseout the conditioner . 
Before I leave the tub , I pull the drain and the shower curtain and run the shower to rinse off . 
I then turn off the shower , and wrap myself in a towel to dry off and my bath is done . 
I am an avid reader so I am always on the lookout for the next best story of nonfiction ! 
My buddy , Frank , told me about the new library that was opening up about a mile away from my house and I thought this was a great opportunity to be able to borrow some free books ! 
I drove down and was in awe at how big the place was . 
As I stepped inside and began to browse I realized that not only did they have books but they had video games , DVDs , and music you could rent as well . 
After spending about half an hour in there just browsing I finally came upon a book I wanted to read : The Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy ! 
I grabbed the book and went up to the counter . 
The nice librarian said that I would first have to get a library card so I could rent out my book . 
I filled out the paper work and she handed me a shinny new library card ! 
I rented my book and she told me that I was due by a week from today . 
I went back home and got started on my reading adventure . 
I was going to visit my grandmother in Philadelphia for the weekend . 
I had never been to Philadelphia before but was eager to try their legendary Philly Cheese Steak sandwiches . 
The quickest way was to take the train there . 
I got to the train station early in the morning and tried to figure out how to get there . 
I was a little confused so I asked one of the customer service representatives in the ticket booth . 
The woman told me I could to take the 8:05 train and that it would be leaving from Gate F . 
She said that I could buy the tickets from her or from a machine . 
I decided to buy it from her and it cost $ 75 dollars . 
I paid in cash and got my ticket . 
the train was leaving in ten minutes and the gate had been announced so i rushed to the gate . 
I got there with time to spare and found a seat in the back . 
About an hour later i was in Philadelphia and was very excited . 
Yesterday , I decided to visit my sister who lives a few towns away . 
I wanted to take the train because it is cheaper than putting gas in my car . 
So I drove to the train station and parked my car in the parking lot . 
I walked to the cashier 's window and waited in line . 
Once I reached the front of the line , I greeted the cashier and bought a train ticket . 
I walked to the train platform and waited for the train to arrive . 
When the train finally arrived , I got on the train and located my seat , which was printed on my ticket . 
I sat in my seat and took out the magazine that I had brought to read on the ride . 
The train eventually started back up and left the station . 
Before long , a ticket taker came over and asked for my ticket to verify that I had paid for my ride and was in the correct seat . 
I greeted the ticket taker and gave him my ticket . 
When I arrived at my sister 's city , I got off the train and she was there to meet me at the station . 
We had a very nice visit . 
I needed to get my hair cut . 
There is a place nearby where they cut hair . 
It 's relatively inexpensive , but nothing fancy . 
You do n't need an appointment . 
I went there , walked in , and told the woman at the desk my name . 
She told me they 'd be ready for me in a few minutes . 
I sat down in one of the chairs in the lobby and looked around at the pictures on the walls . 
All of them are pictures of men and women showing stylish haircuts . 
In a few minutes they called my name and I walked to the rear of the place , where they cut your hair . 
I sat in the chair and the woman cutting my hair put a big sheet over me to keep the hair off me as she cut . 
She asked me what I wanted done and raised my chair so it was a convenient level for her . 
I told her I just wanted my hair trimmed , with long bangs left on the side . 
She started cutting my hair , and she talked about a story that was on the news that morning . 
When she was done , she picked up a mirror and showed me how my hair looked in the back . 
I said it looked good and thanked her . 
She took the sheet off me , and I walked over to the desk . 
The woman there told me how much I owed . 
I paid her , and then I went back and gave a tip to the woman who 'd worked on my hair . 
I left the building and went home . 
I got a haircut yesterday . 
I called my salon and they said they had an opening that afternoon ! 
I entered the salon and was greeted by my stylist . 
She escorted me to her chair and took some time running her hands through my hair and asking me lots of questions about how I wanted to style it and how I typically wore it . 
She led me to the sink and washed my hair , then brought me back to comb it out . 
She started cutting some layers into it and slowly worked her way around my head . 
When she was finished , she blow dryed my hair with a big round brush . 
Once my hair was dried and styled , she tidied it up with a hair straightener and some smoothing gel . 
I was so happy with my new cut ! 
I walked to the front desk and paid and made another appointment and noticed I had a bounce in my step because the haircut had been such a '' `` pick me up '' '' ! 
While I was out riding my bike one warm spring day , one of the tires went flat . 
Fortunately I had a repair kit with me in a pouch on the bike . 
I always kept it with me on rides just in case of such an occurrence . 
I got off and went to the side of the trail out of the way of other bikers and runners . 
I lay the bike on its side and got the repair kit out of the pouch . 
The repair kit contained a new inner tube which I inflated . 
I then pulled the outer tire off of the inner tube . 
I replaced the flattened inner tube with the new one and replaced the outer tire over it . 
I rode off slowly to make sure everything was correctly in place . 
Once I got home , I replaced the spare tire kit with a new one so that I would be prepared on my next ride . 
While riding down the street I got a flat tire on my bike . 
I found out for sure that the tire was actually flat by trying to fill it up and see if it held air . 
It did not stay inflated so I thought that I needed to replace the inner tube . 
I went and got my Dad 's adjustable wrench from the garage , hoping he would not be angry . 
I removed the wheel by loosening the two nuts using the wrench and almost caught my finger in the chain . 
After the wheel had been removed , I removed the tire and tube from the wheel rim and nearly cut my hand again . 
I removed the old -LRB- flat -RRB- inner tube and replace it with a new tube that I bought at the store down the street . 
The guy at the store said that if the hole was small enough , I could possibly patch the hole using a tire patch kit . 
I told the man that the hole was 2 inches long and he said I needed to replace the inner tube-but I already figured that out because it happened last summer too . 
When I finally had the new tube in the tire , I put the tire back on the rim and made sure that the tube stem was in the right place . 
I had some lemonade and then I put the wheel back on the bike and tightened the nuts . 
Then I inflated the tire and rode to my friend Steve 's house to play video games . 
Last weekend I took a bike ride around my neighborhood . 
When I got back home , I noticed that my front tire looked low . 
I looked at the tire and realized there was a nail stuck in it . 
I took the nail out . 
Then removed the tire from the bike . 
Inside the tire was a bike tube . 
The air goes in the bike tube , but it was leaking because of the hole the nail put in it . 
I found my patch kit , and glued a bike tube patch over the hole . 
Then I got my air pump . 
I pumped and pumped until the tube was inflated . 
Afterwards , I put the bike tube in water to see if there were any air bubbles . 
Air bubbles in the water mean there 's still a leak . 
Luckily for me , it was no longer leaking air ! 
I put the tire back over the top of the bike tube and put the tire back on my bicycle . 
I looked at it carefully , then hopped on for another ride around the neighborhood , this time avoiding any nails . 
I woke up and looked at myself in the mirror . 
I realized that my hair was really long and unkempt and that it was time for a hair cut . 
Sometimes , when I do n't get a haircut , I look like a really scary homeless man . 
This is often because I do n't shave my big beard either . 
Whenever I get a haircut , it is when I also get a shave . 
So this means that I am often unshaven for three months straight . 
Since , I wanted to go back into the world again , I knew it was time for a new hair cut and shave . 
I went to the neighborhood Barber , Santiago 's , and got a hair cut and shave . 
He first used scissors to trim my hair into something manageable , then he used a electric trimmer to buzz some of my side burns off . 
He then continued using his scissors and cut my hair into something that was acceptable . 
He also had to take a few minutes to shave off my beard . 
First he trimmed the excess off with his electric trimmer . 
Then he proceeded to use a knife and shaving cream to give me a very deep shave . 
It costed a total of 50 dollars . 
This was n't bad considering I got a new hair cut , I was shaved , and they even offered to wash my hair for free . 
I was long overdue for a haircut so I made an appointment for Saturday . 
When I arrived I had to sit and wait a few minutes for the stylist to escort me to the chair . 
I read a magazine while I waited . 
After the stylist greeted me she asked if I wanted the usual . 
I did , so we went straight to the shampoo area . 
She shampooed my hair and we made small talk about television shows we were watching . 
then we went back to the chair and she commenced cutting . 
We chatted as she went . 
After the cut she styled my hair with product and blow dried it for me . 
I asked to buy some of the product so she grabbed it and added it to my bill . 
when the haircut was done she walked me back to the counter where I paid and tipped her 20 percent . 
It had been a while since I had gotten a hair cut and decided it was time . 
I found the number of the salon in the phone book and called to make an appointment . 
Then I drove to the salon . 
My favorite stylist was there and she greeted me and had me sit down in a chair that was in her booth . 
She wrapped a plastic protector over me and bent the chair back . 
Then she shampooed my hair . 
Then she combed my hair to get it ready to be cut . 
Then she started cutting my hair with a special pair of scissors . 
She took her time about cutting my hair . 
When she was all done she grabbed a hair dryer and dried it . 
I thanked her and went to the counter to pay . 
I paid , left the shop and drove home . 
Today was the big day , I was going to visit some friends in Florida , but I was going to do it in a different way . 
I was going to ride a train today for the first time ever . 
I loved trains since I was a child and now I would finally get to ride on one and see the countryside . 
I bought my tickets online , I did n't want to make a mistake and got to the wrong station . 
I had my bags all packed so I called for a cab and headed to the train station . 
Once there I took my luggage with me and waited for my train to pull up to the station . 
Once the train was here I boarded and found an open car . 
I set my luggage in the overhead compartment and sat and waited My ticket was checked before the train left the station . 
The train finally pulled out of the station , I was on my way my dream was being realized . 
I was taking a day trip to another city not too far away . 
I decided to take my trip by train . 
I looked up a timetable for trains leaving my city and going to the new city , and arrived at the station not too long before my train was due to arrive . 
I went to the ticket booth and bought my ticket . 
Then I walked to the platform to wait for my train to arrive . 
The platform was a little high in the air , and I could see the tracks on the ground below . 
Looking across the tracks , there was a similar platform on the other side for trains coming from the other direction . 
I heard some clatter and a loud whistle , and saw that my train was heading toward my platform . 
I stood behind a line painted on the floor of the platform , as it kept me a safe distance from the arriving train . 
Finally , it stopped , and the doors opened up . 
I walked on board and found a seat next to a window . 
When everyone was on board , the doors closed and the train whistled again to let everyone know that it was leaving . 
The train rolled down the tracks . 
It was very roomy on the train and I was able to walk up and down the aisle while the train was moving . 
Finally , it arrived at my destination and I got off . 
Riding the train was an easy and pleasant experience . 
I needed a book to read with a young relative of mine and decided to borrow it from the library rather than buy it . 
The local library is only a few blocks away to I walked there . 
I am familiar with the computers and the process for looking up to see if a book is available and where it is located on the shelf . 
The computer lookup station was available and quickly I was given the location of the book . 
The book was located in the proper location on the shelf . 
I selected the book and went to the counter to check it out . 
There were a few people in line ahead of me , but the wait was short . 
After scanning my library card and then the book the librarian asked if I needed a plastic bag to keep the book dry as it had started raining . 
I declined the offer of the bag as I had a waterproof backpack . 
I left with my book . 
The trick to getting around an island as congested with traffic as Oahu , is to ride the public bus . 
There are too many cars , in too small of an area , and the result is hours of gridlock on the roads . 
The bus can use special lanes , and helps reduce the overall traffic . 
Learning to ride the public bus was a little stressful at first . 
I studied bus routes online on their website , there are quite a few and it seemed like it 'd be easy to get on the wrong bus . 
I learned each bus has a number assigned to it and displayed on the front though . 
With that in mind , and armed with maps , I learned to stand at my local bus stop and climb on board where I drop my change into the toll taker next to the driver . 
I always look for an empty seat , and then relax , watching the scenery roll by . 
As my stop approaches , I stand and pull the bell , and the driver stops the bus . 
Now that I regularly ride the public bus , I find I do n't mind the long commute nearly as much ! 
I love to go work out at the gym . 
I tend to lift for a long time until I 'm spent of any excess energy . 
After that I 'll get on the arc trainer and start sweating a great deal . 
I say this to illustrate the point that after this work out I am in great need of a bath . 
I come home and welcome my ritual of taking a bath . 
I get my phone out and find my favorite Pandora station that matches my current mood . 
I then get the water rolling at a hot temperature . 
I get undressed and in the tub . 
I like to sit there for a while and reflect while I relax . 
After a few minutes I 'll lather my hair and clean it out . 
I might drain the tub and put in more water . 
Lastly I 'll soap off the nastiness of the gym . 
I exited my home and locked my front door . 
I walked down my stoop stairs and turned left . 
The bus stop was three and a half blocks away . 
I checked my watch . 
I had looked up the bus schedule and the bus was supposed to be arriving in ten minutes . 
I arrived at the bench with a few minutes to spare . 
I sat on the bench underneath the rain awning and read my book until I noticed the bus approaching . 
I stood up , closed my book , and fished through my purse for my metrocard . 
The bus pulled to a stop and the doors opened . 
I climbed up the steps and pushed my metrocard into the automated ticket taker . 
The machine beeped and I read the digital display showing me that I had some money left on my card . 
I was glad to have enough left over for my return trip . 
I put my metrocard away and walked toward the back of the bus . 
There was an empty seat near the window and I sat down . 
I gazed out the window , choosing not to continue reading my book because it makes me carsick . 
When the bus neared my destination , I pressed the button to request a stop . 
The bus stopped and I said excuse me to a few fellow passengers as I made my way to the back door . 
I touched the tape on the doors and they opened automatically . 
I gave a wave of thanks to the bus driver and stepped down carefully onto the curb . 
In my english class I was recently assigned to read the book brave new world . 
My first idea was to just buy it but when I went to the local bookstore it cost $ 20 . 
$ 20 for a book is more than I am willing to pay so I decided to go to the local library . 
Calling in ahead to make sure that they did indeed have the book that I wanted , I then headed in the direction of the library . 
When I arrive they had already had the book up front as I requested so that all I had to do was go pick it up . 
Or so I thought . 
In actuality I had to spend time getting a new library card . 
The librarian walked me through the process while also giving me a little background on the book I was about to read . 
After I had gotten my new library card I simply gave it to the librarian and she checked out the book for me . 
Now it is time to dig in to this novel 
As a child , I loved taking baths . 
My mother always had to fill the tub for me so that the water would not be too hot or too cold . 
I 'd say that the ideal temperature for the water was about 90 degrees . 
My favorite part of taking a bath was the bubbles . 
I loved to splash around the tub and play with the bubbles . 
Once I sat in the tub , I used shampoo to wash my hair and a washed my body with a soapy washcloth . 
I made sure to wash behind my ears and on my face as well . 
Once I was clean , I would play with my bath toys for a little while . 
After some time has passed , I drained the water . 
After draining the water , I would stand up and dry myself off with a towel . 
I enjoyed taking baths because I often needed to be cleaned , I loved to play outside as a kid . 
I wanted to go to Atlanta to visit my daughter , son-in-law and granddaughter . 
I went on-line and searched for the cheapest flights for the weekend on which I wanted to go . 
I saw that Frontier Airlines had a really reasonable rate so I purchased a ticket for Friday , March 13th through Sunday , March 15th . 
Several hours before my flight was due , I drove to National Airport and parked in the daily-rate lot . 
I went into the airport and passed through the security checkpoint , showing the TSA agent my electronic ticket\/boarding pass and my driver 's license . 
Once through security I waited at the gate until the plane had landed for my flight . 
Once boarding started , I got in line with my boarding pass and entered the plane . 
I found my seat , the aisle seat in row 26 , and sat down . 
After the safety instructions had been given , the flight taxied to the end of the runway and then took off . 
In just a few short hours we had safely touched down at the Atlanta airport where my daughter was waiting for me . 
Last October I had the chance to fly from the USA back to England where I come from to visit my mother and my brothers . 
There is an airport quite close to where I live so I purchased a ticket online to leave from that airport . 
When I got to the airport I had to check in first . 
That meant going to the line of check in desks so the personnel there could give me my boarding tickets -LRB- which allow me onto the plane -RRB- , and take my suitcases off me to put on the plane . 
The suitcases were weighed first to make sure they were not too heavy and were sent back behind the check in desks on a long conveyor belt . 
Once they had gone all I could do was hope they ended up on the same plane as me ! 
When I had my boarding pass I was told to go through security where you are screened to make sure you are not carrying anything illegal such as weapons or sharp objects . 
In some airports now , like the one near me , they use a body scanning machine that you walk into , a bit like a shower cubicle . 
I was called into this scanner and told to place my feet on some footprints painted in the cubicle , and then I had to raise my arms above my head . 
When i was in position the machine turned on and scanned me quickly and then I was told I could step out . 
While this was going on , my hand luggage -LRB- the bag I took on the plane with me -RRB- was placed on a conveyor belt and was x-rayed by airport security people . 
When they were satisfied everything I had was legal and safe I was allowed to proceed to the gate , which is where the plane leaves from . 
At the gate I waited to be called onto the airplane and finally walked down a long gangway and into the plane . 
My seat was next to the window and I had my own television screen in front of me which was showing movies , or I could turn it to a map which showed where the plane was flying over . 
There was a bright red blanket and a white pillow on the seat as it is a very long flight , 11 hours , and people generally go to sleep . 
The steward brought everyone headphones so we could listen to the television , We had to watch the stewards give a safety demonstration so we knew what to do in an emergency , and then we all buckled our seat belts to get ready for take off . 
Take off was noisy but fast and it was very exciting to look out of the window and see the ground getting further and further away until all I could see was clouds . 
I took a trip to the beach by plane . 
I arrived at the airport early to go through the checkout process . 
I decided not to check any bags , so I simply got my ticket and then went through the security line . 
After security I went to my terminal to wait for the plane to board . 
Once we went through the boarding procedure I sat at my seat next to the window . 
Beside me was an older lady who made small talk with me until the plane took off -LRB- even talking through the safety speech given by the flight attendants before we took off -RRB- . 
She quickly fell asleep once we were in the air though . 
I observed the land below and the clouds for awhile before I too fell asleep . 
I awoke to the sound of the flight attendant informing us the plane would soon be landing . 
I almost barfed as we made our decent , but managed to hold it in . 
Once we landed I departed the plane with the other passengers . 
The other day I decided to bake a cake so I got out some flour , eggs , sugar , and frosting . 
Once I mixed all of the ingredients together I put them in a pan and into an oven and set the oven to 400 degrees . 
I put the cake into the oven and set the cooking alarm for 12 minutes . 
Once the cake was fully cooked and the cooking alarm rang I took the cake out of the oven and let it cool off for a couple of minutes . 
After those couple of minutes were up I took some frosting after taking the cake out of the cooking pan and onto a plate , which just happened to be chocolate , and spread it over the cake lightly with a butter knife . 
Once I had completely covered the cake in frosting I put it gently into a box and put it into the fridge until I wanted to eat it . 
Once I ate it tasted really very good . '' 
, Nice Task Thanks 
This weekend I decided to do something special with my son . 
He been asking me to bake a cake with him so I figured today would be a good day to do so . 
We went to the store and bought all the ingredients we needed . 
We bought eggs , milk , cake mix , and even frosting . 
When we got back home I took out my measuring cup and showed him how to measure how much milk we needed to add to the cake mix . 
Then we both proceeded to crack a couple eggs and add it to the mix as well . 
I gave him the hand mixer and he started mixing it all together in a large bowl . 
I could tell he was having a great time . 
After he finished mixing the the cake batter , I slowly poured it into a cake pan . 
I pre-heated the oven to 350 degrees and when it was hot enough I put the cake in . 
After 45 minutes of baking the cake was finally ready . 
We let it cool on the table for about 30 minutes then my son and I added the frosting to it . 
It was a beautiful looking cake and we were both proud that we made it together . 
It was Arbor day and because of the occasion I decided to plant a tree in my backyard . 
I figured it would help the environment as well as be an oxygen source and in a few years I could maybe cut it down for firewood . 
I decided to go down to my local Home Depot and buy tree seeds and a shovel . 
I then went back to my house and started uprooting the earth , creating a nice hole of dirt in which to plant my new tree . 
I got the tree seed and planted it into the dirt and covered it into the ground . 
The good thing about trees are they are low maintenance and pretty self sufficient unlike other plants or flowers . 
I still watered it every day to get it going and in a few years I will have a large majestic oak tree to provide shade and a new home for birds and other wildlife . 
When I was a child my elementary school got a grant . 
-LRB- Actually I think it may have been a grant given to the entire school district -RRB- . 
The grant was for putting in new shade trees at the school . 
Of course I was in fourth grade , so I was never really able to benefit from the new tree , as it probably took five to 8 years to produce any real shade . 
The school made a big deal about the new trees , I think there were 5 of them . 
The principal -LRB- and probably many other adults -RRB- met to decide where to put the trees . 
Then there was a contest to see which classes got to plant them . 
My class ` won ' the chance and all of us in the class got to take a scoop of dirt out , it was of course a mess . 
Then a landscaper came , quickly fixed the hole , set the tree in and let all of the kids who wanted to put the dirt back around the tree by hand . 
It was messy work and he constantly told us not to push down on the dirt . 
Then he put in 3 stakes to hold the tree up and we watered it . 
I being a child , promptly forgot the tree and did not think about it again for years , but when I went back to the school as a teenager -LRB- to play on the swings -RRB- I remembered and was surprised how big it was . 
Because the tree was out in a large open play area it was great that it provided a lot of shade for the children at recess . 
Every Sunday night , I make the weekly trip to the grocery store . 
I usually do the majority of my grocery shopping at the local supermarket because the location is convenient and the prices are good . 
Before heading to the store , I always go through my freezer , fridge , and cupboards to see what I need or am getting low on . 
I then note everything that I need in my shopping list app on my cellphone . 
After arriving at the store , I always get produce first . 
Then I make my around to grab any dry goods that I need , and then get anything that needs to be be in the fridge or freezer last so that they wo n't be out at room temp for too long . 
After I get everything I need , I head to the self-check out . 
After paying for my groceries and load them into my car , I drive home . 
Once I arrive home , I put all of the groceries away where they belong . 
I like baking cakes with my granddaughter . 
I let her help pour in the ingredients and mix them together . 
I take a box of cake mix to her house so we can bake a cake together . 
We read the directions on the back of the box of cake mix . 
Then we get out everything needed to make the cake . 
We usually need eggs , cooking oil , and water or milk . 
We also need a cake pan , a large mixing bowl , a measuring cup , and a mixing spoon . 
Also it helps to make sure we have pot holders and a spatula . 
I pre-heat the oven to the temperature given in the directions . 
Then I grease or oil the cake pan so the cake does not stick to the pan . 
Usually the directions want me to add a little flour to the pan to coat the oil , but I like to use sugar instead because it does not leave the outside of the cake looking like flour . 
We start by carefully cracking the egg shell and pouring the egg into a small cup or bowl to make sure we do not have a bad egg . 
Then we pour it into the mixing bowl . 
If we need more than one egg , we do each one separately the same way . 
Then we measure out the amount of oil needed and pour it into the mixing bowl , too . 
Then my granddaughter mixes up the eggs and oil really well . 
Next , I measure out the amount of liquid -LRB- water or milk -RRB- called for in the directions . 
She adds the liquid to the egg and oil mixture and stirs it all up really well . 
Then we add the cake mix , a little at a time , stirring well to mix . 
Then I pour the cake batter into the baking pan and spread it evenly with a spatula . 
Next , I carefully put the cake pan into the oven and set a timer to check it to see if it is done . 
We check to see if it is done by putting a clean toothpick into the center of the cake . 
If it comes out with little or none of the cake batter stuck to the toothpick , it is done and ready to take out of the oven , using pot holders . 
If there is still gooey stuff on the toothpick , the cake needs to be baked a little longer and then tested again . 
We are eager to see how our cake turns out . 
We play games while we wait for it to cool . 
Then we taste a little piece before we put frosting on the rest of the cake . 
I wanted to make a chocolate cake for my niece 's birthday , so I looked through my kitchen cupboards to make sure I had all the ingredients . 
Luckily , my kitchen was well-stocked with baking goods . 
I gathered up the butter , eggs , sugar , flour , vanilla extract and cocoa . 
I also had a mixing bowl with a built-in electric whisk . 
I tossed in two sticks of butter and 2 cups of sugar and blended them together before adding the vanilla , flour and cocoa . 
Then I pulled a cake pan out of a drawer and greased it up with Crisco to make sure the cake would not stick . 
I used a spatula to spread the cake batter evenly into the dish and then , just to make the cake even tastier , I grabbed two cups of chocolate pudding out of my fridge and swirled the pudding into the cake mix . 
It makes for a very moist and tasty treat ! 
I placed the cake inside the oven and cooked it at 350 degrees for 45 minute . 
Hopefully my niece will enjoy her homemade confection on her birthday . 
Unfortunately my poor dog just passed away . 
He was a good and loyal friend who never failed to alert me if someone came on my property . 
As I was looking upon his poor stiffening body I could not find a way to say goodbye to such a great creature . 
Finally I decided to bury him in the front yard of the house he had so faithfully guarded for many , many years . 
I went to the store and purchased a black cherry tree . 
I dug a hole and placed his carefully and lovingly wrapped body in to the hole . 
I then placed the cherry tree on top of where he lay for eternal rest and watered it and staked it and placed a small fence around it . 
Now as the tree grows it will absorb my frind and in a sense he will always be there to watch over my home and the yard he loved to play in . 
I waited in the airport until it was time for the passengers to board the plane . 
I went up with the other passengers and stood in line . 
We all had to show our boarding passes at the gate . 
Once we 'd done that , we were allowed to board a plane . 
We all walked down a short hallway that connected the airport to the plane itself . 
As we walked in the door of the plane , a stewardess and a pilot both said hello to us . 
I walked down the narrow aisle of the plane until I found my seat number , which was near the plane 's right wing . 
I put the bag I was carrying in an overhead compartment near my seat and sat down next to the window . 
Soon the plane was taxiing to take off , which means that it was essentially driving to the runway . 
Once there , the plane got the go ahead to take off . 
It started going really , really fast , and then suddenly it was off the ground and quickly gaining elevation . 
I looked out the window and saw the airport and the neighborhood nearby , the streets and cars and fields all get smaller and smaller , until they did n't look real anymore . 
My flight lasted a few hours . 
During that time the stewardesses passed around sodas , and people who wanted to eat ordered things like bags of peanuts . 
I ate a granola bar I 'd taken with me and watched part of a movie that they were showing . 
Finally it was time to land . 
The plane started to descend , more and more . 
Finally its wheels touched the runway . 
It taxied for a while and then finally came to a stop . 
People got up and got their bags from the overhead compartments . 
The aisle was very crowded at this point . 
When the doors were opened we all got out of the plane and made our way to the airport and , from there , to wherever we all were going . 
I found a beautiful little tree at the local nursery and brought it home to plant in my garden . 
I had already picked the spot it was to go , a place in the middle of my yard where it could get full sun . 
After gathering the shovel and watering hose , and putting on my gardening gloves , I set to work on digging the hole . 
I had to make sure the hole was deep enough to fit its roots comfortably . 
I dampened the soil in the hole with a little water . 
Once the hole was ready , I laid the tree on its side and gently removed the pot from it . 
I placed the sapling into the hole and looked to see that the base of its trunk would be level with the ground , then began scraping the soil back into the hole , over the roots . 
I tamped the soil down , so as to prevent any air pockets , and watered it once more . 
I think this little tree will make a wonderful addition to my yard ! 
Several months ago I had to travel to a city in the midwest for a business conference . 
I needed to take a plane to get there . 
I had to purchase a ticket , so I went online to a travel website . 
There were a lot of options to choose from . 
I first picked the day I wanted to travel , and what airport I was leaving from , and where I was going to . 
I then had to choose when I wanted to leave , in the morning or the afternoon . 
I chose everything I needed and purchased my ticket with my credit card . 
The day of my flight , I drove to the airport and parked in the parking garage . 
I took my luggage inside to the ticketing counter . 
I told the attendant I where I was flying to and the flight number , and that I had a bag to check . 
She took my identification card and the flight information , and checked me in for the flight . 
She put a big tag on my bag , and put it on a moving conveyor belt behind her and it disappeared . 
I knew it would be safe and arrive when I did , but it did seem kind of mysterious . 
I then took my ticket and went to the security checkpoint . 
I went through a large machine , but I was n't nervous . 
I then went to my gate to wait for my flight . 
Eventually we were told that we could board . 
We all got on the plane and took our seats . 
When everyone was on , we fastened our seatbelts and began to move . 
It was fun looking out the window . 
All of sudden we were speeding very fast down the runway , and then lifted into the air . 
It 's surprising such a big plane can fly so easily . 
I watched as the world seemed to get smaller . 
We then leveled off and flew straight to our destination . 
I slept a bit on the plane , and read a book that I brought . 
They did offer us some snacks and drinks . 
A short time later , the Captain announced we were going to land . 
Everyone put their items away , and we landed soon after . 
When we got to the gate , everyone undid their seat belts and started to exit the plane . 
It was a very good and smooth flight in the airplane . 
Yesterday , I decided to take a bus to visit my friends at the beach . 
I checked the bus schedule on my computer . 
Around the time the bus would be in the area , I walked from my house to the bus stop . 
I wanted with other riders for the bus to arrive . 
When it did , I boarded the bus and paid for my ride with coins . 
I then took the first available seat towards the front of the bus . 
There was a older lady seated next to me and we had a nice conversation . 
The bus stopped at various locations and people got on and off . 
When a pregnant woman got on the bus , I stood up and let her have my seat . 
I then stood and held the pole in the middle of the bus to keep stable as the bus lurched during it 's starts and stops . 
Before long , the bus arrived at the bus stop closest to the beach and I exited the bus to meet my friends . 
I really wanted to read the latest Stephen King book , but I did n't want to have to buy it , so I decided I could borrow the book from the library . 
I went online first , to check to see if my local library had a copy . 
All their 's were checked out , but another nearby library had several copies in stock . 
They also had a great new feature where I could reserve the book online , so I did that . 
I drove to the library , and went straight to the front desk . 
I told the librarian that I had reserved a copy of Stephen King 's new book online , and she asked for my library card and told me she 'd be right back . 
She brought the book to the counter , and used her computer to confirm that I had indeed reserved a copy of the book online . 
She gave me the book and told me I had two weeks before it was due back . 
I thanked her for it and went home to read my new book . 
I went to college in a big city and did n't have a car on campus . 
Thankfully , there was n't a need for one because the public transportation system was great . 
I often went to visit my friend that went to school on the other side of town . 
I always took a public bus to get there . 
The first thing I would do is look up the bus route and schedule . 
Once I knew what time the bus would arrive , I 'd walk to the bus stop and wait on the bench . 
Once the bus arrived , I would pay the driver via a electronic machine and was then on my life . 
The bus would make many stops before arriving at mine . 
At one point , the bus was full and I gave up my seat so that an older lady could sit down . 
Once I saw that my stop was arriving , I pulled the lever to let the bus driver know that I wanted to depart the bus at the next stop . 
I then thanked the driver and was on my way . 
I was very excited to go visit my friend in the city . 
I needed to take a bus there so I went online the night before to plan my route . 
My parents dropped me off at the bus stop and i went to the ticket machine to get a Metrocard . 
I sat down on a bench and waited for the bus to arrive . 
After a few minutes the big bus arrived and opened its doors . 
As I walked up the stairs I said hello to the bus driver . 
I took out my Metrocard and swiped it in the slot . 
I asked the driver how long until my stop and he said it was the fifth stop and would take about forty minutes . 
After forty minutes it was time for me to get off the bus . 
the bus driver told me to have a good day and I got off the bus . 
I could see my friend Mickey waving to me across the street . 
Last weekend there was a parade in the downtown area of my city , and I decided to take my little sister - we had so much fun ! 
I 'm not old enough to drive and our parents were busy , so I decided to take the bus . 
I went online and looked at the bus route to determine which stop let us off closest to the parade , and then I looked at the bus schedule to see what time the bus would come and how often it ran . 
I also found out how much the ride costs , and Mom gave me the money I needed for both of us . 
The day of the parade my sister and I walked the two short blocks to the bus stop and waited inside the little bus shelter . 
When the bus came , the driver came to a stop and the doors opened and we walked up the two steps . 
We said hello to the driver and paid the fare - my sister loved putting the coins in the fare box . 
We walked a few steps down the aisle and took a seat near the front of the bus and settled in to look out of the window . 
The bus made a lot of stops and all types of people got on and off of the bus ; it was pretty noisy ! 
When I could tell we were getting close to our stop , I pulled the chord to alert the driver that we were getting off at the next stop . 
When we reached our stop , my sister and I walked down the aisle and off of the bus . 
We were just in time to see the beginning of the parade ! 
I love reading , and the library provides an endless array of books to choose from . 
When I go to the library , I browse the various sections to select the books I ' m going to check out . 
Sometimes I ' m in the mood for mystery , other times I prefer humor . 
After flipping through some books in the different sections , I make my choices . 
I usually choose a few books to check out . 
With my selections and library card in hand , I make my way to the front desk and wait in line . 
When it is my turn , I present my library card to the librarian . 
She scans the books to check them out under my name . 
After the books are checked out to me , I ' m headed home . 
I have 2 weeks to enjoy the books before returning them back to the library . 
When the 2 weeks are up , I return the books in the library ' s drop box , and look forward to checking out a new batch . 
Every time I have to go to the city , I have to take the train . 
One day , when I was on the train , I had to wait twenty minutes for the next train to arrive . 
When it arrived , , the place was full . 
It was full because it was rush hour . 
That 's the time when everyone is coming out of work or school . 
I could n't find a seat at all ! 
I had to stand up throughout my whole ride . 
It was very uncomfortable because I had to stand up for an hour ride . 
To make matters worse , more people wanted to squeeze inside the train . 
Now everybody was on top of one another . 
Soon , the train could n't move anymore because there were just too many people on the train . 
The door would n't close therefore ; the conductor could n't drive the train . 
Eventually , people started to come out and I was able to breathe . 
Finally , I reached my stop and was relieved to be out of that train . 
When you need to go outside the city limits of London , it is best to take a train . 
Cars are a poor choice as they hit traffic often , as well as cost money to drive , for me it is far cheaper to take the train . 
This , of course , was when I lived in London which I do not do now . 
Anyway , when I wanted to visit the beach town of Brighton I took the train . 
I made sure to research the time schedule as to find the correct train and time . 
I found there was one going when I wanted and it was leaving from Victoria station . 
I made sure to get there early so as to purchase a ticket and get a good seat , I do n't like traveling backwards . 
Having bought my ticket at the counter I walked to the waiting train . 
It was very nice and new and I had little trouble finding a good seat . 
I settled in and closed my eyes , ready to rest on the exceedingly comfortable train that was taking me on an adventure . 
On Saturday I went to the hair salon to get a haircut . 
First , I called the store on Friday to make an appointment for 1 PM on Saturday . 
I arrived at the salon at 1 o'clock on Saturday and told them I had an appointment . 
A lady immediately showed me to a seat . 
She wrapped a cutting cape around me to protect my clothing , and then she asked me what kind of hairstyle I would like . 
I showed her a picture of a celebrity and told her I wanted my hair to look like the celebrity 's hair . 
The lady said she would be happy to cut my hair like that , and she got to work cutting my hair . 
While she was cutting my hair , I watched her in the mirror I was facing . 
She made conversation with me and we had a nice chat . 
When she was done , she asked me if I was happy with the cut . 
I was very happy with it , so I said thank you and told her it looked even better than I 'd expected it would . 
The lady then showed me to the register , where I paid for the cut and gave the hairdresser a generous tip . 
I had decided that I wanted to visit my friend Paul whom lives quite a distance away . 
With this and my fear of air travel in mind I decided to take a train . 
After researching and finding one online I was well on my way to going to see my friend Paul . 
I drive to the station and decide that I am going to purchase a round trip ticket as this would be cheaper than just buying both tickets separately . 
I purchase my ticket and then go to sit down and wait for my train . 
Whenever my train arrives I have to get in line as they process our tickets . 
After all this is done I decide to take a seat by the window . 
I sit and fall asleep a bit as I ride on the train for hours . 
After a couple hours we finally reach the destination and I get off the train , excited to see my friend . 
As I was preparing breakfast , I noticed that I was out of a lot of things that are staples in the preparation of most other dishes . 
Bread , milk , and things of that nature . 
So after I was done with breakfast , I sat down to prepare a grocery shopping list . 
I thought of all the things off the top of my head that I would need , and then I perused through my cupboards and refrigerator to fill in the blanks . 
Once I was satisfied with my list , I got dressed and got in my car . 
I drove to the grocery store and parked . 
I grabbed a cart and pulled my shopping list out of my purse . 
I went up and down the aisles , placing things in the cart as I went . 
Once I had everything , I went to the checkout counter . 
I put all my things on the belt and a bagger bagged them as the cashier scanned . 
The bagger set the bags in my cart , and I took the bags out to my car . 
Once I got home , I brought the bags inside and put all the groceries away . 
This is how I went grocery shopping . 
Yesterday I was riding around my neighborhood on my bicycle when I drove over a rusty nail hiding between the bricks on the sidewalk . 
I had to walk my bike home . 
Today , I went to the store to buy a flat tire repair kit . 
I took the tire off the bike and located the nail so I could remove it . 
After removing the nail , I let the remainder of the air out of the tire . 
The next step was to pry the tire off of the rim . 
I got my flat head screwdriver and was able to separate the rim from the tire and inner tube . 
I pumped just enough air to find the leak in my tire where the nail had penetrated . 
After finding the hole , I buffed the area the hole was at and applied glue to it . 
Then I put a tire patch over the glue and let it sit for a few minutes . 
I put the inner tube and tire back on the rim , and pumped my tire up with air . 
The last time I got a hair cut was a very long time ago . 
I needed to look presentable to see my distant family . 
I called up and made a reservation with the salon for four twenty five in the afternoon the next day . 
The next day I went in and they asked me about what sort of haircut I wanted . 
I did not really know exactly what I wanted so I let them just give me a simple , regular haircut . 
They started by washing my hair by dipping my head into a sink , massaging the soap in , and finally washing it out . 
Next they dried my hair a little bit , but left it damp so it would be easier for them to cut . 
Then they started cutting away using a combination of scissors and a razor . 
After about thirty minutes they asked me how I felt about my haircut , and since I approved , the cut was done . 
Last week I went to the hairdresser and got my hair cut . 
When I got there , the receptionist told me I could have a seat and she 'd call me when it was time for my appointment . 
I flipped through a magazine , and about five minutes later my name was called . 
A woman gave me an apron to put on . 
The apron was to keep water and hair off my clothes during my appointment . 
She brought me over to a sink and sat me in front of it . 
The sink has a special notch so you can lean your head back comfortably . 
She wet my hair and shampooed it , then brought me to my stylist . 
I sat in a swivel chair in front of a mirror . 
The chair swivels so the stylist can turn me and reach different areas of my hair . 
She asked me how I 'd like my hair cut . 
I told her I 'd like her to cut a few inches off , and to give my hair some layers to fluff it up . 
She used special extra sharp hair-cutting scissors and cut my hair . 
Every so often , she - asked me how I liked it so far . 
When she finished , she gave a mirror to hold and turned the chair around . 
I was able to hold the mirror in front of my face , and at the same time , see the back of my head in the large mirror . 
I told her I was happy with the cut . 
She blew-dry my hair , and added some styling mousse . 
I gave her a tip , then I paid for the haircut at the front desk . 
I almost forgot to take off the apron before I left . 
I noticed my hair was getting very long and needed to get a trim . 
My previous haircut was done very poorly at what I thought it would be a decent place . 
I looked up other nearby barbers by doing a google search for them in my zip code . 
I ended up choosing one place I used to frequent in the past and knew to be reliable . 
I drove over to the barber and entered the store . 
It was during a non-busy hour so when I entered they immediately asked me to come to the account register . 
I gave them some basic info about me and was sat down in a chair . 
They asked me what style I would like and I told them I wanted to have a look similar to a celebrity I knew . 
It was an unusual style so instead I ended up taking their recommendation . 
The haircut did n't take long at all . 
And after I got out of my chair , I headed over to the register again and paid . 
My hair looked great . 
Last weekend , I took the train into the city with my younger brother to attend a concert . 
We drove to the train station to catch the 4 PM train . 
It took a while to find parking . 
Once we boarded the train , we took a seat . 
The train conductor came by and we purchased 2 round trip tickets with cash . 
The ride to the city took about an hour . 
Many people got on and off at every stop . 
I enjoyed the people watching . 
There were many different types of people , the business types , students , families , and coeds . 
There were a couple loud babies and annoying blondes as well . 
It was very loud . 
After about an hour , we were almost to our stop . 
Once we arrived , the train pulled into the system and the conductor announced that it was the last stop and that everything had to depart . 
We walked onto the platform and into the train station , then were on our way . 
A few months ago , I took a train to Sacramento to visit my friend and her family . 
I had decided to take the train because Sacramento is 72 miles from the city I live in and I am not a good driver . 
I ordered the train tickets online a week before my trip and wrote down my confirmation number . 
When I got to the train station , I went to a small self-service kiosk in the lobby and entered my personal information including my confirmation number , and printed out my train ticket . 
After that , I walked up to the platform and waited for my train . 
There were several electronic displays that said when the train would come , and I watched them impatiently . 
When the train arrived , I boarded behind another passenger and found a window seat so I could enjoy the view . 
I also liked the seat because it had a table in front of it . 
I had a backpack with me which I put in the compartment above my seat . 
I put my ticket on top of the table so it would be easy to find . 
A few minutes later , a worker came by to check passenger 's tickets , and after I showed him and he stamped it , I put my ticket in my pocket . 
There were not many people traveling so no one sat near me . 
The train departed the station shortly after that . 
I fell asleep on the train , but I woke up well before my stop . 
When the train stopped at my station , I grabbed my backpack and off boarded onto the platform . 
Then I went in to the train station and met my friend who had come to pick me up . 
I went to the library to find books about making a set of wooden shelves . 
I asked the librarian for help and she pointed me towards the right section . 
I looked at all the books on woodworking until I found a few that I felt had the information I needed to build the shelves . 
I took the books that I needed to the librarian and she told me that they now have a self-checkout . 
She showed me how the system worked and assigned me a pin code . 
They gave me a new library card that will let me use the self check out . 
So I scanned my library card and put in my pass code . 
I scanned each of the books i had chosen and then clicked on the button to print my receipt . 
This new system will make going to the library much faster . 
I gathered my books and left the library and went home to start my book shelves . 
The Long Awaited Bath I had been outside working in my garden all day . 
It was warm and humid outside so besides being caked in dirt , I also had sweated a lot and did not smell very good . 
I wanted to get everything done in one day so I had worked very hard for a very long time . 
However , when I went inside to clean up , I realized from an automated message in my voice mail that the water had been shut off temporarily for emergency repairs , it would be on again in a few hours . 
I was frustrated , but I decided that I was hungry as well so I made myself a sandwich and cut up some fruit to eat . 
I took off my dirty clothes and put them in the hamper and put on a clean t-shirt and shorts and then put down an old blanket on my couch before I sat on it so I would not get it dirty . 
I watched part of a baseball game until I could not stand my own stench any more . 
I went to try the water in my bath tub and was extremely glad when it worked . 
I ran myself a hot bath and put some bubble bath soap in it . 
I got in and found it very relaxing . 
I was so glad to finally take a bath , get cleaned up , and relax after a long , hard , productive day . 
I was had a very stressful day at work and decided the best way to relax tonight was with a nice , warm bath . 
I set down a few candles , not too many , and started the water . 
After I let the water warm up a bit , I stopped the drain , and the tub slowly filled with warm water . 
I put in some mineral salts to help make the experience more pleasing . 
Once the tub was full , I took off all my clothes and got inside . 
For the most part , all I did was rest there and relax . 
It was a great way to slow things down on a fast-paced day . 
For several minutes , I just enjoyed the warm water but I made sure to wash up with soap and shampoo before the water got too cold . 
Once , I was done I unplugged the tub drain and got to dry myself off . 
It was Saturday night so it was time for me to take my weekly bath . 
I turned on the hot water and waited for the water coming out of the tap to get warm . 
When it did , I closed the stopper and waited for the bath to fill . 
While it was doing so , I took some bath salts from the shelf and added them to the water . 
I could smell lavender . 
When the bath was full , I lit a candle and then took off my clothes and got in the water . 
I closed my eyes and soaked for a while , feeling the hot water relax my sore muscles . 
After a few minutes I grabbed a bar of soap and a washcloth and scrubbed my body , taking off the dirt and dead skin . 
Then I soaked some more , almost falling asleep . 
Finally , it was time to get out so I let out the water , grabbed a towel and dried off . 
Late last week on my way home from work I got into an accident that damaged my car . 
Luckily everyone who was involved came out uninjured but my car was damaged and would have to spend about two weeks in the shop . 
Since my insurance did not cover a rent a car this meant that I had to take public transportation for the next couple of weeks to get to work . 
I was fortunate to have a bus stop only a couple of blocks from my house so I would walk to the bus stop and wait for the bus with the other people . 
Some people talked to one another and others like myself had headphones in , listening to music . 
It is not that I am against talking to people I am just not really a morning person and do not feel like it at 7AM . 
The bus pulled up and we got in line to board and showed him our ticket to ride . 
I then grabbed a seat and gazed out the window until I reached my stop downtown . 
I got up , thanked the bus driver and got off the bus and started walking down the street to work . 
I decided to go to the library this morning as I had run out of books to read . 
I still love using the public library because they give me the option to borrow the book . 
When I arrived at the library I was greeted at the door kindly , which I always like about the public library . 
They feel more like a friend of yours than anything else . 
I wanted to the fiction section as I like to read stories that are make believe . 
I found a few books that I was interested in reading and decided to sit down and read a few chapters of them to see if I would like to check them out . 
I grabbed myself a cup of coffee from the desk first and then proceeded to sit down and read the book . 
After reading the books for about an hour I decided to borrow all 3 of them . 
I went to the librarian and checked them out . 
I then left satisfied with my experience . 
Last year when I worked for a friend doing landscaping jobs , we often had to plant trees . 
Generally , we would choose a tree from a near by plant store based on what our customer desired . 
Trees can be purchased at all different ages , from very small to the size of a large pot . 
Then , after buying the tree or trees , we would purchase mulch , or fertilizer , to give the tree the proper nutrients so it can grow big and strong . 
After the tree and fertilizer is purchased , we were off the house to perform our various activities . 
We lived in a desert environment , so we first had to push all the rocks out of the way with either a rake , a hoe , or one of our other tools . 
After clearing the area in the yard for the tree , we then took our shovels and started digging away in the area chosen to plant the tree . 
We had to dig our hole big enough so that the entire bottom of the tree with roots and dirt fits snugly into the ground . 
After that is done , we would fill the hole with a mixture of mulch and the dirt we pulled up when we first shoveled our hole open . 
After the tree has been firmly planted , we either had to turn on the sprinklers in the lawn , or find the nearest hose and water the plants for about five to ten minutes . 
The last time that I flew in an airplane I bought a ticket to New Orleans . 
I bought the ticket early to make sure it was as cheap as possible . 
Then I started packing my bags to make sure I had everything that I needed for my trip . 
I also planned to figure out how I was going to arrive at the airport . 
On the day of the flight , once I arrived at the airport , I checked one of my bags and proceeded to the TSA terminal . 
At the TSA the check your ID and make sure you do n't bring anything that is not allowed on the plane . 
I was not bringing anything that was not allowed so I got in with no problems . 
After that I found my gate , waited a bit and boarded the plane . 
On the plane I looked out of the window and took some naps . 
When I was very young , my family only just recently got our new home . 
The backyard had no trees and little decoration but that soon changed over the years . 
About a year after we moved in , my dad decided it was time we planted a tree in the backyard and I was able to help . 
I had no idea what type of tree it would be and when I asked my dad just said I 'd have to wait and find out . 
I would n't know it but several years later the tree would be larger than the house itself . 
To get things started , I dug up a small hole to plant the tree . 
My dad had to make sure the hole was just the right size . 
Once the space was perfect , I carefully placed the very young tree into it 's new home and covered the roots up with dirt . 
After it was firmly set in place , I watered the tree and was done for the day . 
Today is the day of the week I usually go grocery shopping . 
This morning I checked in the refrigerator and threw out any spoiled food and looked to see what I would need more of this week . 
I thought about what dinners I would have , and how many packed lunches I would need this week . 
I started a list of things to buy after planning my meals . 
The grocery store is nearby so I took my reusable bags and my list and walked to the store . 
I got a shopping cart on my way in . 
I selected the nonperishables first , then went to the produce section , then the refrigerated , and finally the frozen department . 
I went through the self checkout line as it seemed a shorter wait . 
After scanning and placing my items in my reusable bags I paid by sliding my credit card , and then took the printed receipt . 
Every week I go to the grocery store to get food for my family . 
I write a list of all the foods I will need and gather together any coupons I will be able to use . 
I drive to the grocery store and get a cart to put the food in . 
I take out my list and coupons and put them where I will be able to see them easily . 
I walk up and down the aisles finding the food on my list . 
I put each one into the grocery cart as I find it , then cross it off my list . 
When I have all of the food I need , I take my cart full of food to the register area . 
I empty my cart , put all of the food onto the belt and hand the cashier my coupons . 
She scans the bar codes on each item and places it into a bag , then she scans the coupons . 
When everything has been scanned , the cashier tells me the total cost and I give her the money for the food . 
I place the bags into my cart and walk back to my car . 
A few blocks from my home they are putting in a small park and playground for the children in the neighborhood . 
The community has raised money to purchase playground equipment and plant some trees in the park . 
The playground is nearly complete and all the is left to do is some landscaping and get the trees planted . 
The trees arrived with their roots all covered in burlap , the roots of these small trees are actually quite large . 
The city has loaned us a small backhoe so we can dig the appropriate sized holes for the new trees and help move them into position . 
The operator has dug dole that 's about twice the size of the root ball and it takes about three people to hold and steady the tree in the hole as they fill in each one using the backhoe . 
We plant about 10 trees in one afternoon . 
As the sun starts to set we have planted water and fertilized all the trees for the park . 
The trees are beautiful and in a few years will provide shade to many areas of the park . 
Baking a cake is so much fun because cakes always mark a celebration . 
I ca n't think of a time that I baked a cake just to have as dessert with dinner . 
It 's so exciting picking out the flavors because I only have cake in moderation . 
Cake is delicious ! 
I love baking cakes from scratch . 
When I make chocolate cake , it 's actually a vegan recipe ! 
There 's no eggs or butter but it 's the best tasting one I 've ever had . 
I just dump flour , sugar , cocoa , and salt in a big bowl . 
Then combine apple cider vinegar and baking soda to give the cake a rise . 
. 
And the best frosting for the cake is more chocolate ! 
Different people prefer different types of frosting . 
Some -LRB- myself included -RRB- like a dark , rich chocolate and some like a lighter , milk chocolate taste . 
I whip butter and powdered sugar together and start adding cocoa . 
When the frosting starts getting thick and dark brown , I add a spoonful of milk at a time while the mixer whips up a heavenly confection . 
After the cakes have baked and cooled , I frost and decorate them . 
I can barely wait to go have the party and eat the cake ! 
We were all out of food for the week , so I drove to the grocery store to pick up some supplies . 
I entered the store and grabbed a grocery cart , wheeling down the aisle before me . 
I started by grabbing some fresh fruits and vegetables - apples , lettuce , carrots and celery . 
Then I went on the dairy aisle . 
I got a gallon of milk and a dozen eggs . 
Then I decided to get some lunch eat , so I got a package of ham and a package of turkey . 
I would need bread , so I went to the bread aisle and got a loaf of whole wheat . 
Finally , I grabbed a box of cereal - corn flakes , my favorite . 
I wheeled my cart to the checkout and put my groceries on the small conveyor belt . 
The cashier scanned each item and then read my total : $ 40.52 . 
I gave her two twenty dollar bills , two quarters and two pennies . 
She gave me a receipt , put my food into two plastic bags . 
I grabbed them and was on my way . 
'' `` Planting A Tree '' '' Jenny and her Grandpa decided that early spring was a wonderful time to plant a new tree in the front yard . '' '' 
What kind of tree will we plant Grandpa ? '' '' 
Jenny asked . 
Grandpa scratched his head . '' '' 
Hmmmm I do n't know Jenny '' '' he replied . '' 
`` We need to decide what we will want the tree for . '' '' 
Jenny tilted her small head and asked '' `` What do you mean Grandpa ? 
What can trees do ? '' '' 
Trees can do many things , provide shade , flowers or food just to name a few . 
things . '' '' 
They decided to take a ride to a plant nursery to look at all the small young trees . 
Grandpa did not want the pine tree . 
Even though it would stay green all year . 
He did not want the Lilac tree even though the flowers would smell so pretty in each spring . 
Instead he picked a nice sized apple tree . 
Jenny bounced with excitement . '' 
`` Grandpa we can pick apples soon ? '' '' 
she exclaimed . '' 
`` Someday he said smiling down at her . 
Grandpa brought the tree to the cashier and paid the fee for their tree and carefully loaded it into the back of his truck . 
At home grandpa got the tools they would need from his little gardening shed . 
A hose , watering can , shovel , two pairs of gardening gloves and a tiny shovel just right for Jenny 's helping hands . 
After putting on their gardening gloves together they dug a hole five times larger than the root ball of the tree they had paid for at the nursery . 
Grandpa gently turned the small tree upside down to remove it from the pot it had been growing in . 
He told Jenny it was important to now plant the small tree right away so it 's tender rooms did not dry out . 
He placed the roots into the hole they has dug and made sure the top of the root ball was level with the ground and that they tree was standing straight and tall . 
Together they filled in the rest of the hole around the trees roots . 
Jenny helped grandpa filled the watering can with water from the hose and she watched proudly as grandpa watered their newly planted apple tree . 
Jenny was full of pride watching the small young trees leave blowing in the cool early spring breeze . 
I preheated the oven to 350 degrees . 
As I waited , I gathered my ingredients : butter , flour , baking powder , salt , sugar , eggs , and heavy cream . 
I mixed all the ingredients together in a large bowl with a large spoon , following a recipe I found in a cookbook . 
I greased a cake pan with butter and flour so the cake would n't stick then poured the batter inside . 
I put the cake pan in the oven for approximately 30 minutes . 
I watched the cake closely in the oven . 
Once it turned lightly golden grown on top , I tested the center . 
Once the center was the correct firmness -- not too hard , not too soft -- I removed the cake . 
I let the cake cool for 10 minutes in order to allow it to solidify . 
I used a knife around it 's edge to separate it from the pan then removed the cake onto parchment paper . 
By the weekend , our cereal boxes were empty , our bread was stale , and we had no produce . 
Our family got in the car and we were off to the supermarket . 
After parking , we grabbed a shopping cart and began roaming up and down the aisles . 
Mom got the shopping list out of her purse . 
It was useful in navigating our shopping trip and ensuring we didn ' t forget necessary items . 
When mom shouted out " carrots , " we grabbed a bag of carrots and tossed them in the cart . 
Mom had us select a variety of products , from milk to pasta sauce . 
As we put items in the cart , mom crossed them off the list . 
Finally , we had everything from the list in the cart and were ready to check out . 
We loaded each item on the counter for the checker to scan . 
After the checker scanned each item , our total appeared on the register . 
Mom got some money from her wallet and handed it to the checker . 
The checker gave mom the change , as someone else bagged up our groceries . 
Finally , we headed home , ready to prepare lunch with some of the ingredients we had just purchased . 
Now that winter is over , our planting season has begun . 
Last weekend , I went out and bought a small apple tree . 
I found a perfect spot in my back yard for it . 
First I looked around and decided even if it grew very large , it would n't run into any other trees or power lines . 
Next I got to work with my tiller , cutting into the earth and churning up the dirt . 
Once everything was loosened , I took my shovel and dig a hole . 
I gently placed the small young tree into that spot , burying it 's roots in the hole I had dug . 
I added some coffee grounds to the soil around the roots , and then took my shovel and got to work covering the roots up again . 
Finally , I smoothed the dirt with my shovel and went to get my garden hose . 
A new tree needs water ! 
I watered the ground beneath ot . 
Smiling , I admired the small but sturdy tree in my yard that will someday be a large tree that gives us fruit . 
I was excited to go home for the holidays last December , but I was less excited about having to take an airplane ! 
I normally would drive , but my mother persuaded me to take a plane because she was afraid I would have to drive through snow . 
I filled a single suitcase with as many necessities I could fit , because I did not want to have to deal with putting multiple suitcases through the luggage handler . 
I arrived at the airport and waited in line to check in . 
I let the TSA search me for any contraband that would not be allowed on the plane , and then waited to be allowed to board . 
Once we were let on the plane , I walked over to my seat and shoved my suitcase into the overhead compartment . 
Luckily it fit , so I would be able to keep it with me . 
I snuggled into my seat and tried to ignore the butterflies in my stomach . 
Flying always makes me nervous . 
The person seated directly next to me was a middle aged woman flying alone . 
She gave me a sympathetic smile and asked me if I was as nervous as she was . 
I said yes , and I think we both felt better that at least we would be good seatmates . 
The plane ride was uneventful ; after five hours in the air , we landed at our destination in one piece . 
My first flight out of the United States was to Myanmar . 
I was excited but very nervous all at the same time . 
Going through security checks and all that comes with it is nerve racking . 
But once I finished with that part , the next thing was understand the time change and how that affects my flights and connections was a real hassle . 
Once we got on the plane it was absolutely wonderful . 
The flight attendants took great care of us never stopping to rest for the entire 20 hours flight . 
They brought food , warm face towels , drinks and snacks and all this was included in the price of the ticket . 
I am very afraid of flying the take off the landing are the worst parts for me . 
True to my phobia I was in near tears and gripping the seats but once the flight was off the ground I was happy . 
The flight came with a TV in the back of the set in front of you and there was so many choices of what to watch . 
I love documentaries and there were numerous ones . 
I almost hated when the flight was over . 
The only part that I found difficult was that , I did not have an end seat and so I hesitated to use the bathroom and did n't do so until I was in extreme discomfort because I did n't want to bother the person on the end seat . 
So , next time I decide to travel the only change I would make is to select an end seat that way bathroom use is not an issue . 
It is time to take a bath . 
I gather my clothes I am going to put on after my bath and take them to the bathroom with me . 
I find my bath mat and lay it on the floor to keep the floor dry . 
I gather my towel and washcloth from the closet . 
I put the stopper in the drain . 
I turn on my water and adjust the temperature to my liking . 
Once I have the tub filled halfway I turn off the water . 
I get undressed and put my clothes in the clothes hamper . 
I step into the tub and take a seat . 
I get my washcloth and wet it to wash my face first . 
I then dip my washcloth in the water again and lather it up with soap and begin washing the rest of my body . 
After I am through washing I make sure that I have rinsed all of the soap off my body good . 
I unplug the drain and then stand up . 
I get my towel and dry off from head to toe . 
I then get my clothes and put them on . 
I gather the bath mat from the floor and hang it over the shower rod to dry . 
I then make sure the bathtub is rinsed out . 
After I planted a tree the other day , I was all dirty and tired . 
I decided for a change that instead of a shower I was going to have a bath tonight and relax . 
First I moved my soap and shampoo down to the side of the tub instead of on their normal shower shelf , then started the water running . 
Once I got it hot , but not too hot , I closed the drain so the tub would start to fill up . 
I had an idea at the last minute and grabbed my tablet and a ziploc bag and put the tablet inside it to protect it from splashes . 
I turned up my stereo so I could head it in the bathroom , then got into the tub . 
I settled into the warm water and relaxed for a little while , then grabbed my tablet and started reading a book . 
After about 30 minutes of relaxing , I let some of the water out since it was getting cold , filled up with more hot water and started washing . 
Once I was cleaned off , I opened the drain and finished up by washing my hair under the shower . 
It was a nice change from showering all the time . 
The other day , I decided to ride the bus to work since my car had broken down . 
It was a cold day in January as the rain had just fallen the night before . 
I sat nearby the rear-door of the bus and felt he air-conditioner blowing onto my neck and watched the street signs to see how much further my stop was going to be . 
I had been riding on the bus for approximately 15 minutes and stopped three times so far . 
We came upon a busy intersection where the bus stop was crowded with what appeared to be fifteen or so people huddled by the bench area waiting to get on . 
Slowly the people in queue walked onto the bus steps and piled into each available space as quickly as they could . 
After driving for two more blocks , I noticed my stop and pressed the button to signal the driver to drop me off . 
I stood up from my seat and headed to the door and left to go to work . 
For a long time , I was planning to read a book about stock trading . 
When I went online most of the books were quite expensive . 
But there was a library very close to my house . 
That lead me to think about borrowing one book from the library . 
One Saturday morning I went there and browsed several books . 
I spent almost 2 hours to finalize a book . 
Finally I stood in the line for the check out counter . 
When it was my turn , I gave the person at the counter the book that I chose . 
They asked me for the membership card but that is when I realized that I did n't have one . 
I decided to apply for a new membership card . 
All that was needed for the membership application was my ID card . 
I gave them my driving license . 
I was given a new membership card within 5 minutes . 
I used it to borrow the book that I selected . 
I was told that the book needs to be returned within 7 days . 
Overall the experience was a nice one and I would keep going there . 
This afternoon I went to the library . 
I needed a really good book to read about dinosaurs . 
I walked up to the reception desk and asked the librarian where the dinosaur books could be found . 
She took me to the right area and I looked at all of the choices . 
There were so many ! 
I chose a few that I thought looked really interesting . 
I took the books I had chosen and walked over to the self checkout area . 
I pulled out my library card and scanned it with the scanning wand . 
I then used the wand to scan the bar code on each of the books . 
When they had all been scanned I checked the screen to make sure everything was correct . 
I clicked on the button to print my receipt . 
I put the receipt inside one of the books , picked up the books and went out the door . 
I could hardly wait to get home and start reading . 
Last week I traveled on a train to see my brother . 
When my brother 's pregnant wife gave birth to their baby I was excited to see them and their new addition to the family . 
They lived 500 miles away in Charlotte , North Carolina . 
The cheapest option was to catch a train to go see them . 
I arrived at the train station and went to the ticket desk . 
He asked me where I would like to go , and I told him where and why . 
He was happy to assist me . 
He pointed me in the direction to the correct platform where my train would departure from . 
When I got to the platform , the train was waiting for me . 
I handed the attendant my ticket and got on the train . 
Now it was time to put my feet back and relax . 
In just a few short hours , I arrived in Charlotte , North Carolina and was off to see my new nephew ! 
Today I am going to ride a train to visit my grandmother . 
We are going to visit for my birthday . 
We left our home and drove in our car to the train station . 
We then went up to the counter and bought two tickets to ride the train to my grandmother 's town . 
We had to wait for twenty minutes in the station before it was time to board our train . 
When it was time , we went over to the train and handed our tickets to a man in a uniform that works on the train . 
He checked our tickets and helped us up onto the train . 
We then found a seat and enjoyed the ride . 
We saw many interesting things on our way to see my grandmother . 
The train moved very fast along the tracks . 
We arrived at our destination quickly . 
When the train pulled into the station , we saw my grandmother waiting there for us ! 
It had been a while since I got my hair cut . 
My ends were fried , frizzy , and dry . 
I did n't want to do it . 
I did n't want to spend the money , but I succumbed and walked into the salon . 
I had n't made an appointment and therefore was told they could fit me in a half an hour from now . 
I nodded to wait and took a seat . 
I flipped through the magazines for hair inspirations and looked at my phone . 
When the time had passed , the stylist called my name . 
She sat me down and asked me what I would like . 
I told her to cut off the damaged parts , but nothing fancy . 
She took me over to the sinks to wash my hair . 
After washing and conditioning it , she guided me back over to the chair and draped a cloak over me . 
She combed out my long hair and began snipping . 
After she was done , she blew dry the front part of my hair . 
I paid at the register and walked over to give her a $ 5 tip to thank her . 
My head felt lighter and I was happy with how it looked . 
My hair had grown quite long , and it was getting more and more difficult to style it as I wanted in the morning . 
I decided I needed to get a haircut . 
I called my local salon and made an appointment . 
Luckily they were able to cut my hair the next afternoon . 
The next day I drove to the salon , and arrived a few minutes before my appointment . 
I sat in the waiting chairs until my stylist was ready for me . 
I sat in the large chair , while my stylist put a large cape around my neck and shoulders . 
This would keep the hair trimmings off of my clothes and from going down my neck . 
She asked me how I wanted my hair cut , and I told her I just wanted to keep the same style , but with several inches cut off so it would be easier to style . 
She then leaned my chair back toward the sink , and washed my hair . 
When she was done , she sat me up and combed my hair out straight . 
She then took her hair scissors and comb , and carefully combed out and snipped hair off in sections . 
She combed my hair in between each cut to make sure it was the right length . 
She went all around my head , alternately cutting and combing . 
When she was done cutting , she took the hair dryer and blew dry my hair , styling it as she went with a large brush . 
It felt very nice having someone work on my hair . 
I felt much lighter and my head did not feel as heavy with my long hair . 
When we were all done , she removed the cape and shook off all the hair . 
I looked in the mirror and loved my new haircut . 
I went to the cashier and paid for my haircut , and left a tip for my stylist as well , since she did a good job . 
I left the salon very happy with my haircut . 
Riding on a train is a great way to commute , especially when frequenting a city ! 
It 's a great reminder of transportation of the past , and a great way to spend an afternoon . 
A specific example would be when I frequent the great city of Boston . 
I always choose to take the train in , as driving into the big city can be a great hassle . 
In this day and age it 's convenient to look up train times ahead of time on the appropriate website . 
Once you determine the train that you will take you will need to find transportation to the train stop , either by walking , bus , or getting dropped off . 
Once at the train station go up to the ticket window or use a handy kiosk to purchase your ticket . 
Take this ticket and head through the checkpoint , or if you are using a commuter rail bring it with you to give to the train attendant . 
As you start moving and stopping they will announce each stop . 
Wait until your stop has approached and exit the train . 
Congratulations , you just saw the countryside ! 
I was riding down the sidewalk and noticed that my bicycle tire had gone flat . 
I took my bike home and attempted to put air in the tire . 
I noticed a hissing noise coming from the tire and realized that it had a hole in it . 
I had a can of tire patch on the shelf in the garage . 
I took a screwdriver and loosened the tire from the metal rim of the bicycle . 
After I got the tire off , I opened the can of tire patch and , with a wooden spatula , I applied some of the black tire patch to the inside of the tire where the hole was . 
I allowed it to dry for a few hours . 
I put the rubber tire back on the tire rim , and added air . 
The tire held air and there was no longer a hissing noise . 
I hope my repair holds for a long while . 
I recently got a flat bicycle tire while riding home from work . 
As soon as I got home , I removed the tire from the bike and checked for the cause . 
Sure enough , there was a small puncture , I must have run over something sharp while commuting home . 
I then went to the local bike shop and the man at the shop recommended that I buy a patch kit , since doing so is much cheaper than replacing the entire tube . 
The patch kit was very easy to use as the instructions were very details . 
First I added glue to the area and then put the patch on top . 
After holding the patch in place for a few minutes , I added a little talc . 
I also added a little talc to the inside of the tire . 
Once everything was set , I put the wheel back on the bike and everything was good as new . 
This morning we needed to take the train into the city . 
We grabbed our laptop computers to use while we were going to be traveling . 
We had to make sure we also remembered our passes to get on the train . 
As we arrived at the station , we saw the train coming in . 
Many people got off the train when it arrived and then we entered the train . 
We were able to find seats even though the train was pretty full . 
As the train left the station we started working on our computers , and the 20 minute ride seemed to just fly by . 
The view of the city from the train was beautiful . 
When we arrived at the station in the city , the people on the train started to queue up at the doorways . 
The train came to a smooth stop and all the people poured out onto the platform where it was lightly raining . 
The night before I take a train ride , I look at the train schedule . 
Usually I am going to New York City , so I check the train schedules for the trains heading there . 
When my husband and I take the train , we go early , so that morning I wake up early and get ready for the day . 
We then drive to the train station and park our car . 
Depending on which train station we are going to , the parking is free , but otherwise we pay for our parking . 
Once parked , we walk to the platform and buy our tickets at the automated teller . 
Then we wait for the train to arrive . 
When the train arrives , we find a good place to sit . 
We try to sit where there are n't too many people and where there are only 2 seats so that we do n't have to sit with strangers . 
Then the train takes off and we usually are on the train for an hour before we get to our destination . 
Earlier this week I went to get a haircut . 
Over the summer I had just gone for a cheap haircut at Great Clips and I ended up with a bad haircut . 
I went back to a nicer place where I had to pay more , but I had to do something about the bad cut . 
I had to cut most of it off to start over . 
This last cut was the first time I started to see some of the growth coming back and some of the curl ! 
Lots of people make standing hair appointments , but I prefer to just call when my hair was bugging me so once the ends started looking straggly I called and went in . 
I checked in at the front desk and had a nice chat with the receptionist who is getting ready to go out on maternity leave . 
Then my stylist took me back and asked me if I was still growing out my hair . 
I said I was so she looked it over and then gave me a nice scalp massage and a shampoo before cutting . 
The cut is about the same length as it was the last time I got it cut , but it is getting more and more even every time . 
My stylist likes to straighten my hair on each visit so she can make sure it is all correct . 
Looking forward to it growing some more . 
As I hung the phone with my friend , I was very excited . 
I was going to visit her today , and I would get to travel by train . 
I called for a taxi , then quickly packed up a day bag with a few things I would need . 
As the taxi took me to the train station , I realized I had not traveled by train in many years , and wondered what might have changed . 
As soon as I arrived , it was obvious . 
Now you didnt have to wait in line to buy tickets from a person , but instead from a machine . 
I found one that was unused , and stepped up to read the directions . 
I thought this was very confusing , until a station employee stopped and explained the process to me . 
Soon I had my ticket , and was walking to line where I would await the train 's arrival . 
If was not far , and there was even an empty bench seat . 
Soon the train arrived and I stepped up into the car printed on my ticket , and found my seat . 
After the train was in motion , a conductor came by to check and punch my ticket . 
He smiled , and told me to have a good trip . 
Traveling by train is almost like traveling by airplane . 
I learned that the train companies have baggage limits , rules for unaccompanied minors , and seating rules too . 
I bought my ticket ahead of time and then went to my station . 
They checked my ticket , ID , baggage , and I hopped on the train . 
The process to check my bags was so similar to flying . 
I packed a small bag to carry with me but I could have packed a larger bag that would be checked . 
No sharp objects , self defense items , and many other things were not allowed . 
Seating on my train was first come first serve basis . 
I was told if there was any concerns from passengers , seating could be assigned ! 
My trip was n't very long so I did n't have a meal but I brought some snacks and a drink with me . 
Before I knew it , I had arrived at my destination . 
I really like traveling by train . 
My daughter , who is 11 , has been asking me how to make origami animals . 
When I was a girl I liked to fold origami too . 
I really enjoyed all the colors and patterns available . 
I did not remember how to fold any animals so I suggested to her that we might find a book on origami from the library . 
We drove to the library and walked inside . 
I told her we could ask the librarian where we might find a book on folding origami , but I would rather teach her to find the book on her own . 
We headed over to the library 's reference computer and opened the library catalog . 
There was an area to search by the books subject , so we typed in Origami . 
Several books came up . 
I told my daughter to write down the location of the books that looked interesting to her . 
she found about 3 that she liked because of how the cover looked . 
Once we had the locations we went to the shelf to find the books , based on the book number , we knew just where to look . 
We found two of the three books we were searching for . 
Then we were ready to check out the books and head home . 
I got out my library card and we went to a different computer that allows you to check the books out , so you can borrow them and take them home for a few weeks . 
We scanned my card , and the books and the machine printed a slip that told us when to return the books . 
We took our slip and headed out the door to drive back home . 
My daughter enjoyed looking at the pictures and trying a few of the animals herself . 
I was talking to my friend the other day and she told me about a book that she thought was very interesting . 
I decided I could borrow the book from the library . 
I went to my local library and had to sign up as a member because I previously was not a member . 
After signing up for a membership , I now had two options ; I could ask the librarian for help , or I could use the self service computers and find the location of my book on my own . 
I chose to find the book on my own , because if I can avoid dealing with people I will always pick that option . 
So I go on the computer and type the name of the book in . 
It tells me the location the book should be in . 
Now I go to the location . 
I find the book right where it 's supposed to be . 
Last , I check the book out at the front desk . 
I will have to return it in 1 week or I will be charged a fee . 
Yesterday I decided I needed to get to the grocery bus . 
My car had a flat tire , so I decided to ride the public bus . 
First , I went online to see the map of the public bus ' because it overwhelms me and I am afraid I will get lost . 
Then I called the bus hotline and asked the operator how to get where I wanted to go . 
He helped me figure out what buses I need to take where . 
Then , I had some lunch , took my backpack and left the house . 
I had to walk to the bus stop . 
On the way , I could smell the exhaust from the cars and I already started freaking out . 
The exhaust is really unhealthy for you . 
Then I waited for the bus at the stop . 
After 20 minutes , the bus I needed finally came . 
The bus came to stop , the doors opened . 
I stepped onto the bus and gave the driver my money . 
I was going to meet up with my friends at the mall to watch a new movie that recently came out . 
But , since the mall is pretty far away , I needed to take the bus . 
So , I went online to the bus ' site to check the time that the Mall Route bus would be near my house . 
I marked the times down on my phone and got ready to leave . 
I sent a text to my friends and let them know that I could make it and that I 'd been there soon . 
I grabbed my jacket , wallet , and made sure to get my bus pass . 
I checked the time and set off . 
I walked a few blocks to the bus stop and double checked the time . 
I had to wait for a little bit , but it 's always better to get to the stop early , since sometimes the bus is n't quite on schedule . 
The bus finally pulled up and I got on . 
I swiped my card and I found a decent seat . 
Luckily , there were n't that many people on board and the stops were short . 
As the bus got closer to the mall , and it was nearing the stop , I pulled on the line that let the driver know that she needed to let someone off . 
I made it to the mall in good time and got to hang out with my friends a bit before the movie . 
It was a pretty good day . 
A week ago I decided I wanted to go to the local library and borrow a book . 
This is something I have n't done since I was a kid , so I was n't sure if the process had changed . 
I drove over to the library which was about 5 miles away from my house . 
When I arrived I walked inside and was surprised to discover the interior had dramatically changed since the last time I had been there . 
Once I composed myself , I began my quest to search for a good book . 
I did n't have anything particular in mind , but then I thought back to the times when I was a kid and liked books about medieval history . 
So I went over to the history section to see what they had . 
I found a book about knights and medieval combat that looked interesting , so I took it to the front desk to check out . 
I first had to sign up for a library card , and after that was done I drove home with the book . 
After a long workout at the gym , I got home and immediately wanted to take a bath . 
First , I turned the water in my tub on as hot as it could go so the water could warm up . 
Then , after the water warmed up , I placed two fingers in the stream of water to see how hot it was . 
After that , I adjusted the water to a temperature I could enjoy during my bath . 
Now that the water was at the correct temperature , I put the stop drain in place . 
This allows the water to stay in the tub . 
After the stop drain was in place , I put soap in the water . 
Now it was time to let the water fill the tub . 
When the tub was full of water , it was time for me to get in . 
I laid in the water and got a wash cloth to wipe and rinse myself off . 
Then I let the water drain and got a towel to dry myself off . 
I went inside the bathroom with my change of clothes and a towel . 
I put in the bath plug and turned on the hot water faucet to start filling up the bathtub . 
I waited a few minutes for the tub to fill up , and then added bath soap to the tub . 
I undressed , and stepped into the bathtub which was filled with bubbles . 
I laid down in the tub and relaxed for a few minutes and thought about my day . 
Then , I used a loofah to scrub all over my body until I was clean . 
I turned on the hot water again and filled up a cup with the hot water and poured it onto my hair . 
I used one squirt of shampoo and rubbed it into my hair until I made suds . 
Then I rinsed my hair out again with a cup of hot water . 
I removed the plug from the bottom of the tub and stood up while the water drained . 
I rinsed my body off with a few more cups of hot water until I was n't soapy anymore . 
Then I grabbed my towel off of a shelf next to the tub and used it to dry myself off . 
I stepped out of the tub onto the bath room carpet and changed into my clothes . 
Today I rode the public bus to work as I usually do . 
Because I ride several busses daily , I had previously purchased a bus pass that allows unlimited use for the month . 
By having this pass I did n't need to worry about having proper change or tokens for the bus . 
I checked the schedule for my bus by using '' `` Google Maps '' '' and determined that my regular bus was on schedule . 
I walked to the bus stop and saw that my bus was several blocks away . 
When the bus arrived I boarded it after several other passengers , and then slid my pass through the card reader . 
There were several seats available and I selected the first one I came to . 
The bus continued on schedule along the route with passengers departing and boarding . 
When I arrived at work I gathered all of my personal belongings and disembarked . 
I really like to take the bus when I have to run errands . 
There is a bus stop right outside of my apartment building . 
When I have to go to the store , I wait at the bus stop . 
When the bus pulls up , I pay the bus fare using quarters . 
It costs six quarters to ride the bus . 
The bus makes lots of different stops before it gets to the grocery store , so I am on it for several minutes . 
I sit quietly in my seat . 
Sometimes other people on the bus will say hello and we will have a small conversation . 
When I get to the store and finish shopping , I wait at another bus stop so I can go home . 
I pay the bus fare again , sit in my seat and patiently wait for the bus to get to my apartment . 
When it stops in front of my apartment , I get off the bus and go inside . 
My sons and I were invited by their grandmother to come for a visit . 
We decided to fly across the country . 
We went to the airport and purchased plane tickets . 
Then we went home and packed our suitcases . 
The next day we took a cab to the airport and hour early . 
We went to the airlines check in area an waited in line to show our tickets , get our seat assignments and check out bags . 
The we headed upstairs to the airplane gate . 
There were many people flying on this plane and the waiting room was crowded . 
Then the plane pulled in next to the gate and the flight attendant started calling people over to board the plane . 
We were near last to get on the plane . 
Once on the plane we found our seats and sat down . 
After the plane took off the stewardess did a demonstration about how to use the emergency exits . 
Then we sat back and flew all the way to Reno , NV where we were picked up from the airport by grandma . 
When I was a young boy , my mother would always take me grocery shopping with her . 
To me , I thought I was just playing around with the grocery items that they bought and handed to me to put in the shopping cart . 
To this day she always tells me how helpful I was to organize the cans , frozen items , snacks and produce in a different spot in the shopping cart . 
She also mentioned that it always kept me occupied and I never begged for any chips or sugary enriched items . 
So my mother loved to take me grocery shopping . 
I think that since she always took me grocery shopping with her , that is why I love to go grocery shopping now that I am an adult . 
I walk around the store with a shopping list and mark off the items as I walk down the aisles . 
I then go to the cashier and quickly put my items up on the side and they are all rung up and I swipe the credit card and take my groceries home . 
'' `` Going grocery shopping '' '' Going to the grocery for me is kind of a burden . 
I like going ahead and getting everything I need for at least two weeks . 
The longer I can wait to have to go back , the better . 
I normally go to two different stores . 
One is a traditional grocery store and the other is a dollar store . 
When I go to the traditional grocery store , I get frustrated because I find it hard to find certain things . 
Baking soda is an example . 
One day , I asked an employee who was working in the baking supplies isle where the baking soda was . 
We could not find it . 
Again , this was on the baking supplies isle . 
As I walk through the store looking for things I need , I 'll see a display of chips or something at the end of an isle . 
This makes me think that there are chips on that isle . 
There are no chips on that isle . 
It 's a good trip when I have everything I need for a few weeks . 
It was my girlfriend 's birthday so I baked her a cake . 
It was nothing fancy , just a cake from a box . 
I mixed all the ingredients together after I preheated the oven to the appropriate temperature . 
After mixing the ingredients I poured them into a baking pan . 
Then I put the pan in the oven . 
While I waited for the cake to cook I made an icing to go on top . 
I made it from cream cheese and strawberries which I whipped together with sugar . 
Once the cake was done baking I pulled it from the oven and set it aside to cool . 
After it was cool I frosted it with my homemade icing . 
Then I piped her name on top in fancy lettering . 
Once that was done I placed it on a fancy cake tray and waited for her to arrive home so we could eat the cake together . 
I rolled my cart out of my apartment and locked my front door . 
I dragged the empty cart down the stairs and pushed it down the block toward the supermarket . 
As I walked , I mentally rehearsed some of the items I intended to buy . 
I needed eggs , milk , bread , cookies , and bananas . 
Maybe I would get a few other things if they looked good . 
I arrived at the store and hooked my cart to the store 's larger metal shopping cart . 
I pushed it down the aisle . 
I passed the section with the bread fist , and put it in my cart . 
The cookies were near the bread . 
I took a while looking at the ingredients for different packages of cookies and finally decided to get a box that looked fresh and delicious without too many preservatives . 
I put my chosen cookies into my cart and kept pushing . 
I reached the refrigerated section and found the milk . 
I added a carton to my cart , and also chose some yogurt . 
I looked at the eggs and checked them for cracks before adding them . 
Then I turned my cart toward the fruit and vegetable aisle . 
I added bananas and then my eye caught some avocados that were on sale , so I decided to buy two of them . 
I also got a few apples and a box of cherry tomatoes . 
I rolled my cart toward the cashier and got on line to pay . 
When it was my turn I paid in cash and then put my bagged items into my cart . 
Then I pushed my cart home and unloaded my items in my kitchen . 
I visited a big garden nursery store and picked out a tree to plant in my garden . 
I wanted to pick out a tree that was a good size for my garden space . 
I picked out a tree that was green and healthy . 
The tree was n't too big so I brought it home in a pot . 
I also bought a shovel and a bag of potting soil . 
In my garden at home , I began digging a hole in the soil with my shovel to fit my tree . 
I picked a spot to plant it where I think it would get the most exposure to sunlight to grow . 
I planted the tree in the hole and then shoveled the fresh new soil into the hole to hold the tree up . 
The fresh new soil will be good for the tree to grow instead of using the old soil . 
I watered the tree and soil and now I will wait for it to flourish in my garden . 
Today I decided to bake a cake so we could have it for dessert with tonight 's dinner . 
I thought a chocolate cake would be nice , so I took out my cookbook and looked for a recipe for chocolate cake . 
There were a few different chocolate cake recipes , but I picked one that was called devil 's food cake . 
The recipe had a list of ingredients , so I checked my cupboard to make sure I had everything I would need . 
When I was sure I did , I got out 2 mixing bowls and a cake pan . 
The recipe said to preheat the oven to 350 degrees , so I turned the oven on and set the temperature for 350 . 
Then I took a bit of butter and rubbed it all over the inside of the cake pan . 
That would make sure the cake did n't stick in the pan and I would be able to get it out without any trouble . 
I got out my electric mixer and put the beaters in , then plugged the mixer in the electrical outlet . 
As I read the directions from the recipe , I put the butter and sugar in one of the bowls . 
I put the beaters in the bowl and turned on the electric mixer , holding it really tightly as it mixed the butter and sugar until it was fluffy . 
I cracked some eggs , and added them to the bowl and beat that some more . 
In another bowl I mixed flour , baking powder , cocoa powder and all the rest of the dry ingredients . 
Then I mixed the wet ingredients with the dry ones and mixed them all together with the electric mixer until the batter was smooth . 
When it was , I poured the batter in my cake pan and put it in the oven . 
The recipe said it would take 30 minutes to cook , so I looked at the clock in my kitchen to see what time it was . 
Then I added 30 minutes to the time and knew when my cake would be ready . 
When 30 minutes was up , I opened the oven and looked at the cake . 
It looked done , but to be sure I took a toothpick and stuck it in the middle of the cake . 
If it came out clean , I 'd know the cake was done . 
If it came out full of wet cake batter , it was not done yet , and would need a bit longer to cook . 
The toothpick came out clean . 
My cake was done . 
I put on a potholder glove so I would n't get burned and removed the cake from the oven . 
I put it on a wire rack on my kitchen counter so it could cool off before I tried to take it from the pan . 
When it was cool , I flipped the pan over onto the rack and the cake fell out of the pan . 
It looked good , and I knew everyone would enjoy the chocolate cake that night at dinner . 
Yesterday , I noticed my yard did not have any shade , so I decided to plant a tree . 
First , I went to the garden store and bought a sapling ; a baby tree . 
I took the sapling home and surveyed my yard for the best place to plant it . 
I choose a sunny spot right in the middle of my backyard . 
I then took a shovel and dug into the earth at the spot I decided on . 
I dug a little hole in that area . 
I unwrapped the root of the sapling and placed it in the small hole that I had dug . 
Then I used a spade to fill in the dirt around the tree root , so that the roots were totally covered by dirt . 
I added a little fertilizer in the dirt around the roots so that the tree would grow big and strong . 
I stepped back and looked at my new tree and was so happy that the task was accomplished . 
One day that sapling will grow into a large tree and provide shade to my backyard . 
A the church summer camp I volunteer at it was decided that we should try to make the campus more sustainable as well as beautiful . 
Planting fruit bearing trees was thought to be a good way to achieve these goals as well as letting the participants learn more about where food sources come from . 
Research was done into finding trees that would bear fruit in the season that the camp was most used . 
as well as having the requirements of water and sunlight and soil work with the land at camp . 
Several trees were ordered , including a cherry tree . 
In the chosen location a hole was dug and the tree had the burlap removed from the root ball and it was placed in at the appropriate depth . 
The soil with a few amendments was replaced and grass seed was sprinkled on . 
The tree was watered as suggested and I was assigned to schedule future watering and monitor the tree for health and insect invasions . 
I grabbed a recipe book . 
I looked up a cake that I thought my wife might like . 
I thought a devil 's food cake would be perfect . 
I started by preheating the oven to 350 degrees . 
I got down the dry ingredients - flour , sugar , baking powder , cocoa powder - measured out the quantities the recipe said and put them in a bowl . 
Then I got the wet ingredients - eggs , oil , milk - and mixed those up in a separate bowl . 
Then I combined the two bowls together and mixed them thoroughly . 
I poured the contents into two pans and then put them in the oven . 
About a half hour later I took the two pans out of the oven and let them cool . 
When they were cool enough , I took a can on frosting out of the cupboard and iced the two layers , stacking on on the other . 
I thought it looked pretty good . 
Happy birthday , honey ! 
Every Saturday I do a chore I actually really enjoy - grocery shopping ! 
This past Saturday was no exception , so I began to plan my outing . 
I always begin by surveying my refrigerator and cabinets . 
What food do I already have and what do I need ? 
There are certain basic things I get almost every week . 
At this point I begin to make a written list to bring with . 
This week I also had a birthday party to shop for so extras like cake mix and a can of frosting went on my list . 
Once the list was done I headed to the store . 
It 's a short drive , and once there I grabbed a cart and begin to head down the aisles . 
Produce then canned goods then meats . 
After that on to dairy and dried goods , and even cleaning products . 
Finally it was off to the frozen aisles , I needed to get ice cream for the party ! 
With a full cart I went to the cash register , loaded all the food on the convener belt , and then paid for the groceries as a boy bagged everything . 
Another Saturday 's chore was done ! 
Every year , my sister makes the same request for a birthday cake made the same way . 
Naturally , I abide , knowing that I wo n't have to buy her a present if I make her the cake . 
I first go to the store and pick up some ingredients I do n't already have . 
The very first thing I do is take out the butter to warm it up by putting it into my pocket . 
I preheat the oven . 
I then measure out all the ingredients and pull out my mixer . 
I grease the cake pans . 
After mixing all the dry and wet ingredients separately , I put them together until it is well mixed . 
I pour the batter into the pan and put it in the oven for 40 minutes . 
While it is cooking , I make the frosting and decide to add some pink food coloring . 
When the cake is finished , I let it cool and then cover it with frosting . 
I put it in the fridge and will take it over to her house in a few hours . 
I wanted to bake a cake . 
I got the cake mix , eggs , oil , measuring cups and a baking pan from my pantry . 
I got a mixing bowl from my cupboard and a large wooden spoon from my drawer . 
I preheated the oven to 350 degrees . 
I poured the cake mix from the package into the bowl . 
I added two eggs , and used my measuring cups to add oil and water to the bowl . 
I mixed the ingredients thoroughly until they were smooth . 
I got my baking pan and sprayed it with cooking spray . 
I poured the cake batter into the pan and placed it into the oven . 
I waited 30 minutes until the cake was slightly brown and I took it out of the oven . 
I allowed it to sit on the counter and cool until I could put the icing on . 
I got opened the container of icing and used a spatula to spread it on the cake . 
This is how I baked a cake . 
A few years ago , I did some volunteer work in my local community . 
I like giving back to my community . 
One of the things we did was plant trees in the city . 
This was my first experience with planting trees . 
First I had to prepare the ground . 
The soil was already in great shape for the tree so that part was taken care of . 
I grabbed a shovel and then started digging . 
Then it was time to plan the tree . 
The tree was small , so I was able to remove it from the pot by putting it upside down . 
I then gently placed the tree in the hole and then filled the hole back up with the dirt . 
The next thing I did was add mulch around the area of the tree . 
Once the mulch was added , I put a stake in the ground and tied it to the tree . 
This was to hold the tree in place as it grows for the first year . 
A month ago , I bought a plane ticket online . 
I chose a round-trip ticket and was able to pick a window seat . 
The day of my flight , I arrived at the airport 2 hours early to be able to check in and go through security with plenty of time to spare to make my flight on time . 
I boarded the plane . 
I placed my baggage in the overhead bin and took my seat near the window . 
Two people sat next to me , filling out the row . 
I put on my seat belt . 
The stewardess informed everyone about safety precautions . 
Everyone put their seats in the upright position and locked up their tray tables . 
The pilot spoke to us over the intercom , telling us to sit back and relax , and that we will reach our destination in a short time . 
The plane rumbled to life , sped forward , and off we soared into the sky . 
My ears popped from the change in air pressure but it only took a few moments for my body to acclimate itself to its new , airborne environment . 
The stewardess served the passengers drinks and peanuts . 
I took a nap . 
Once I awoke , we were landing . 
We were told to put our seats back in the upright position and to lock back up our tray tables . 
We glided to the ground and landed with a bit of a bump and jolt . 
The plane pulled up to the gate and we were let off . 
I love going grocery shopping ! 
Usually I am going with my ten month old son while my husband is at work . 
before I go , I make a list of what we need or else I will buy things that I do not need . 
I check sales to make sure I get the best deals on things and make a meal plan . 
Then I get my son in the car and we drive over the the grocery store . 
We get a cart and I put my son in it . 
I give him a toy and secure it to the cart after I wipe it down to make sure its clean , and we enter the store . 
We go through the store and using my list grab what I need . 
Since i usually go two or more times a week , I only spend about 3 minutes there before I have all we need and can pay . 
Then we go back out to the car . 
I put my son back in his car seat and the bagged groceries in the trunk and head home . 
I walk a few blocks from my home to the local bus stop picking up a newspaper along the way . 
As the bus arrives I prepare to remove money from my wallet for the fare . 
As the bus stops the doors open and I walk up the metal steps and stop to pay my fare to the driver . 
The bus is partially full but with enough seats to choose from I select a window seat . 
Being a warm day I open the window a crack to get a breeze on me . 
During my ride just out of curiosity I check out all of the other passengers before settling down to read my newspaper . 
I check out the local scores in the sports section first then continue to read the remainder of the paper . 
As the bus nears my stop I get up and walk to the exit waiting for the door to open then depart . 
I needed to get to work , but my car was not working . 
I decided to take the public bus . 
I walked to the bus stop and sat down on the bench that was provided . 
I waited until the bus that I needed pulled up and boarded the bus . 
I paid the bus driver the fare and took a seat . 
I sat on the bus as it passed by all the stops that we drove past until we reached the stop that I needed . 
I pulled the bell to alarm the bus driver that I needed to get off at the next stop . 
He stopped when we arrived and I got off the bus . 
I had made it my work right on time . 
I walked from the bus stop a couple blocks down the street until I reached my job . 
Then I entered my work and began working at my job . 
I have many local libraries where I can borrow books for reading pleasure and reference without having to buy the books . 
I first find my valid library card and visit my local library . 
The library is quiet with many different types of people there . 
It is relaxing place to just sit and browse through some books . 
I ask the librarian for help in finding some travel books I wanted to borrow for my trip . 
She is very helpful and directs me to the area where the travel books are . 
I look through the shelves and find the books I need . 
I check them out and borrow them with my library card . 
I have a certain amount of time to return the books so I will make sure to return them on time in good condition so that I do not get fined . 
I leave the library satisfied with the books I borrowed . 
I made plans to meet a friend in the city . 
Normally I would drive but there is a lot of traffic and very little parking in the city so decided to take the bus . 
I made sure I had enough fare and left the house . 
I walked to the bus stop and there was two elderly people waiting before me . 
I waited on line and short time later I saw the bus coming . 
The bus stopped in front of us and the elderly people got on first . 
I got on the bus after them and then paid my bus fare . 
I could n't find any seats so I held on the the metal handles provided in the bus so I would n't fall . 
After awhile I saw that my destination was near and should get off . 
I pushed the button that sent a signal requesting the bus to stop at the next bus top . 
The bus pulled over at the next stop and I got off the bus . 
I met my friend a few blocks down at a restaurant and had a great time . 
I decided to borrow some books from the library . 
I went to the library and started looking on the shelves . 
There were so many good books that it was difficult to pick out just a few , so I used the library 's computer book search program . 
Eventually I chose several modern plays , a biography , and a book on ancient Rome . 
I took these books up to the librarian 's desk and asked if I could check them out . 
She said yes , I could borrow the books , but I needed to sign up for a library card . 
I filled out the form , and she took it . 
Then she made my library card and gave it to me . 
With this accomplished , I was able to check out my books . 
She put a card in each one with a date stamped on it . 
This was the date the books were due to be returned . 
I promised to return them on time and took the books home to read . 
Last night , I decided to take a bath . 
I usually take a shower instead , but my muscles felt sore and I thought I could use a bath with some epsom salt . 
The epsom salt bath is really good at soothing sore muscles , plus it is very relaxing . 
I ran a very hot bath and poured some epsom salt in so it could dissolve . 
While the bath was running , I grabbed a towel and a book I was reading . 
I set it all up next to the tub and undressed . 
I slid into the hot water and felt the salt granules prickling my skin , as my muscles finally relaxed . 
After some time , the water cooled , so I added some more hot water . 
I stayed in the bathtub for about 45 minutes , until my muscles felt better . 
When I was finally done , I drained the cooled water , toweled off , and got dressed . 
Last month I decided to visit my grandmother . 
She lives about three hours away from me , and I do not own a car . 
To get to her house safely , I wanted to take a train . 
Trains are a very affordable way to travel , and I find them to be comfortable and pleasant . 
I got on my computer , and went to the website where people buy train tickets . 
I chose a date to leave and I booked my tickets . 
My tickets were emailed to me and I printed them off using my printer . 
A week later , I went to the train station and boarded the train . 
The ride was very quiet , so I took a nap part of the ride . 
The seats were very comfortable . 
I went to the cafeteria cart on the train and bought coffee . 
I enjoyed the coffee and drank it while looking out the window . 
I really enjoyed the whole experience . 
I needed to visit my Grandma upstate , so I decided to take a train . 
I purchased my tickets online and printed out a receipt . 
I packed a bag . 
The next day , I headed over to the train station and checked in at the ticket counter . 
I was early , so I picked a spot on a bench and sat down . 
After a short while , everybody lined up to get on the train . 
A train worker checked all of our tickets . 
I entered the train and picked out a seat for myself . 
Then I loaded my bag overhead . 
Once everyone was on the train , our conductor announced that we were leaving the station . 
Another train worker came around and took everyone 's tickets from them . 
I spent the ride looking at scenery out the window and reading mostly . 
Eventually , the train conductor announced my stop . 
I retrieved my bag from the overhead compartment , and headed downstairs and off of the train . 
The last train trip I took was with a couple of friends to go and check out an art museum that was fairly far away . 
We met up at the station with plenty of time to spare , so we chatted for a bit while we waited . 
We had already purchased our tickets ahead of time , just to make things easier . 
When the train arrived , we boarded and found our seats . 
We did n't bring much , just small bags , so we did n't have to stow anything . 
The conductor came by and checked our tickets as the train left the station . 
It was a nice ride . 
The train seats are always fairly comfortable and we had time to play racing games on our DSs while we rode . 
I also got to watch some rather lovely scenery , once we got out of the city . 
Going by trees and landscapes and watching them pass is pretty fun too . 
Plus , there were n't that many other people in the train car that we were in , so it was a nice and peaceful ride . 
I went to the library the other day -LRB- on Saturday -RRB- to borrow a book . 
In the process , I stepped into the library and headed straight to the section of the book I wanted to borrow . 
I plan ahead of time where the book may be as I know borrowing books at my particular library is rather competitive . 
I had to find my way through several aisles in order to get to the right alphabetical order . 
I found the author and to my luck , the book I wanted was there . 
Surprisingly , there were actually three copies even though the book is rather popular . 
I grabbed the book and headed to the self-checkout register near the back of the library . 
I scanned my library card off my key chain and scanned the book . 
After confirming the entire transaction , I grabbed my receipt and happily headed out the library with my newly borrowed book in hand . 
Last weekend I booked a spur of the moment trip out to New York on a train . 
I bought my ticket for the train right at the station , I was lucky they had some left . 
After waiting about thirty minutes my train pulled up and came to a stop . 
I hopped on the train and found an open seat next to the window . 
After everyone was on the train slowly eased forward as it built up speed to New York . 
I enjoyed listening to the wheels of the train on the track as they clicked . 
The train ride was smooth and I was even able to get some rest along the way . 
As the train arrived in New York the conductor came over the loud speaker and let us know we would be at our destination shortly . 
Once the train slowed to a complete stop , me and all the other passengers filed out and went our separate ways . 
Yesterday , I went to get a haircut . 
When I walked into the salon , a lady named Sara came over and told me to follow her to the shampoo station . 
I sat in a chair and another lady named Marsha washed my hair and put a towel around my head . 
She then took me over to Sara who asked me to sit in her chair and put a cape around my neck . 
Next Sara asked me how short I wanted my hair . 
I told her I still wanted it to be a little past my shoulders , therefore , she should only cut off about 1 inch . 
She told me that was fine and began cutting my hair . 
It took her about twenty minutes to cut an inch off of all of my hair . 
After she cut it , she took the blow dryer out and dried my hair . 
Then she curled it with a curling iron . 
It looked really great ! 
So I paid her for cutting my hair and told her how much I appreciated the great job that she did for me ! 
I was riding my bike around my house and noticed I had to peddle harder than I usually do . 
I got off my bike to see if everything was wrong . 
The front tire looked okay , the chain was still on the bike , but the back tire was flat unfortunately . 
I walked my bike back to my house because it is not safe to ride a bike with a flat tire . 
I went in my garage and looked for the air pump . 
I connected the valve of the pump to the valve on the tire . 
I pumped the air pump and kept checking the tire to make sure it was working . 
It was hard work and it took longer than I thought . 
Eventually , the tire seemed full with air . 
I put my ear next to it to see if I could hear any air coming out but I did n't hear any . 
I got back on my bike and it rode fine . 
When I was riding my bike this past summer , one of my tires went flat . 
I noticed it went flat because it felt bumpy while I was riding down the street . 
I wheeled my bike home while walking next to it and pushing it . 
I asked my dad to help me fix the flat tire because I had never done it before . 
He gave me the materials I needed to fix it , and he explained how to go about fixing it . 
To my surprise , it was very easy to fix the flat tire . 
I just had to patch up the hole with the materials he gave me . 
After I patched up the hole , I used an air pump to put air in both of my tires . 
This completed the repair process for me . 
The next day , I rode my bike again and I did not have any problems with the tire . 
While I was riding my bike I accidentally ran over a nail . 
My rear tire quickly deflated . 
I walked the bike home . 
My bike tire had an inner tube , and I had an extra one in my basement . 
I got the extra inner tube and went to work . 
In order to fix my tire , I had to pry the rubber outer tire out of the wheel 's metal rim . 
I got a screwdriver and inserted it between the metal and rubber , lifting the rubber out . 
I went around the rim that way taking the tire out of the rim . 
Once it was out , I was able to pull the broken inner tube out . 
As I 'd figured , there was a big hole in it from the nail . 
I put the old inner tube aside and got the new one . 
There 's a part on the tube where a valve comes out . 
That 's where you attach a pump to fill the tube with air . 
I put this valve through the hole in the rim that it 's supposed to stick through . 
Then I went around the rim squeezing the inner tube into the tire . 
Once I had the inner tube in place , I went around the rim again pushing the outer part of the tire back into the rim . 
That was hard work , but I finally managed it . 
Once that was done , I got out my bike pump , fitted it to the inner tube 's valve , and filled the new tire with air . 
Soon my tire was completely repaired and I was able to ride again ! 
This winter , my family and I decided we wanted to plant a tree in our backyard . 
Since it was still the middle of winter , we decided to wait until it was April to plant it because we learned that was the best time of year to do it . 
Once April came around , we chose a suitable tree for our area . 
With a shovel , we dug a hole that had enough room for the fresh roots to grow . 
After that was done , we prepared the tree by gently taking it out of the pot . 
Once our tree was ready , we placed it into our freshly dug hole . 
Once the tree was properly placed , we refilled the hole with the dirt and soil so that it was securely in place . 
We were happy to see our tree all set and watered the tree . 
We plan to enjoy watching the tree grow for many years . 
I decided it was time to get my hair cut . 
I wanted a new style and a shorter length . 
I called the hair salon and made an appointment . 
The stylist greeted me upon my arrival and directed me to sit at her station . 
We discussed what style and length I wanted and I showed her a picture in a magazine as a reference . 
She placed a fabric cape around my neck and directed me to wash bowls . 
I sat in the wash chair , and leaned my head back into the bowl . 
The stylist washed my hair and towel dried it , the directed me back to her station . 
She combed my hair out and began to trim it with scissors . 
After she was finished cutting my hair , she blow dried it and styled it in the manner I asked . 
I paid her for the work and left a tip in her jar . 
I was very pleased with my new haircut . 
I needed to travel across the state , and the train was the quickest and most efficient way to do that as my car is unable to make a long trip . 
I went online to the Amtrak website and checked the schedule and prices , and then made a reservation . 
A friend gave me a lift to the depot and once there I purchased my ticket and then boarded the train when it arrived on time . 
I brought my small suitcase onboard with me and did not need to check any other bags . 
The train ride was comfortable and not crowded , so I had my own seat . 
There were no delays on the tracks and my carriage had only mature adults who were peaceful and quiet , so it was a pleasant and quiet journey . 
I visited the dining car to get a snack and though it was expensive it was well stocked , and I bought a coffee and a turkey sandwich . 
My arrival was on time and I disembarked . 
I had the day off today so I wanted to relax and read a new book . 
I decided to go to the library and check one out . 
I got my library card from my wallet and walked to the library . 
I looked around some of the different sections in the library and found a book in the fiction section that looked interesting . 
I took it up to the front counter and handed the librarian the book and my library card . 
She scanned the book and my card , told me when the book was due back and then handed the card and the book back to me . 
On the way out , I grabbed a bookmark from a table set up near the door . 
I walked home and began to read my book . 
A week later when I was done reading it , I returned the book to the library and found a new one to check out and take home to read . 
I had to ride a public bus one day . 
I was n't sure about the routes or the charge to ride , so I got on the computer and looked it up . 
I was able to enter in where I was starting from and where I wanted to be in order to find an acceptable route . 
I had to catch two different buses , so I had to pay a transfer fee in addition to the regular fee and let the bus driver know as I got on the bus . 
I also looked up a route home with extra times in case I missed a bus . 
I gathered the things I needed for my travels and found a sign with a bus stop symbol on it , and made sure it listed the bus number I needed . 
I told the driver I needed a transfer ticket and paid my extra fee . 
When it was time to get off the bus , I had to pull the cord to let the driver know before we passed my spot . 
The other day , I finished reading the fourth book of the Game of Thrones Series . 
With the new season about to start on HBO , I wanted to get ahead of the show and continue reading the books in the series -- but I did not want to pay for the next book . 
Remembering that I had a library card somewhere in my desk at home , I went home and found it . 
I went to the library and after browsing the fiction section , I finally found the fifth book in the series and brought it to the check out desk of the library . 
I handed over my information and library card and checked out the book , getting two weeks to read it for free . 
I 'm now a quarter of the way through the book and enjoy every page of it while loving the fact that my taxes paid for me to read this and I had to pay no extra money . 
I was waiting at the bus stop , and as it was a very hot day , I was happy for the shady bench . 
More people gathered around the stop , getting on and off other buses , as I waited for my bus to arrive . 
Finally , a bus with my number on it , arrived . 
It felt a little like a rush to get on , by finally I had paid my fair , and looked for a place to sit . 
Not finding a seat , I placed my shopping bag between my feet and stood for a few stops , holding the handhold hanging from the ceiling . 
Finally the bus cleared out a little and I was able to find a place to sit . 
I read my book , looking occasionally out the windows , and listening for information on the next stop , until finally reaching the stop for home . 
Even though I stepped carefully off the bus , I did stumble slightly on one the steps . 
I promised myself to be more careful in the future . 
After a long week , I decided on a whim to take a bath . 
It had been years since I last took one ; I honestly could n't remember the last time . 
As soon as I got home from work , I kicked off my shoes , and walked excitedly up to the master bathroom . 
I plugged the tub , and started running the water . 
I adjusted the temperature until it was just right : not too hot , not too cold , just warm and comfortable . 
After a few drops of the bath liquid , bubbles filled the tub as the floral aroma filled the air . 
I slowly took off the last of my garments , finally free from everything . 
I quickly grabbed a glass of wine and when I returned , the tub was full and ready . 
I slipped into the tub and soaked in the bliss . 
I lounged for what seemed like hours . 
Before I knew it , the wine was gone and I was starting to prune . 
My bath was done . 
I got out and dried the last of the relaxing water off of my body as the last of the bath went down the drain . 
Though my bath was over , I felt the relaxing affects for hours . 
Every night before putting my son to bed he gets his bath . 
we go up to the bathroom and I start the water and add his favorite bubbles . 
After he is undressed he stands next to the tub and giggles and dances watching the running water create a mass of bubbles ! 
I make sure the water is warm enough , because his baths tend to last a bit longer than most . 
When the water is ready , he throws in all his tub toys , lizards and dinosaurs , cups and cars . 
The cars are his under water taxi 's for the fish , he says . 
He sits amiss the bubbles playing with his toys and laughing . 
We do the toe test , which is when i look at his toes and if they are wrinkle then time is up . 
Yup toes are wrinkled , he laughs as wash his body and hair . 
I let the water out as he sits there and waits for the tub to empty , only then does he want to get out . 
He helps to dry himself off and put his pajamas on . 
Now it is time for bed . 
I have a recipe for a yellow layer cake that I really like that came in my Kitchenaid cookbook . 
I use my Kitchenaid mixer to make it . 
It 's not too dry , and it 's not too sweet , which is why I like it . 
I took my mixer out of the pantry and set it on the counter . 
Then I found the right beater for cake and installed it . 
I creamed the butter and the sugar , added the eggs , and then added the wet and dry ingredients alternately . 
I had forgotten to take the eggs out earlier to let them come to room temperature , but it still works OK . 
While beating the cake batter , I preheated the oven . 
Then I took out two eight-inch round cake pans and buttered them . 
After that , I floured the cake pans and tipped the extra flour into the garbage can . 
When the batter was ready , I stopped the mixer , removed the bowl , and poured half the batter into each pan . 
I just eye-balled it and did n't measure exactly half . 
Then I scraped the remaining batter out of the bowl and into the pans . 
I put the bowl in the sink . 
I evened out the top of the batter a little with a spatula and tapped the cake pans on the counter to make sure there were no air bubbles . 
I put the cakes in the oven and set the timer . 
Then I turned on the oven light because I like to keep an eye on the cakes to see how they 're cooking . 
Plus it 's fun to see them rise . 
When the timer went off , I stuck a thin knife blade into each cake to test whether they were done . 
No crumbs stuck to the knife , so I removed the cakes from the pan and set them on the stove burners to cool . 
After a couple of minutes , I turned each pan upside-down onto a cooling rack and let the cakes cool for about an hour . 
Then I tipped one cake over onto a large plate . 
I made frosting and spread some on this layer . 
Then I tipped the other layer on top of that one and frosted it too . 
It was vanilla frosting . 
I travel to the local nursery to select a tree for planting , today I have decided to purchase a flowering maple tree . 
I ensure the one I pick is high quality with no rotting and looks healthy . 
Once in my yard I determine the best location based on the expected height it will grow and other plants in the yard . 
With my garden shovel I dig a hole at least twice the size of the roots of the tree . 
I ensure rocks and are removed from the hole . 
I put plenty of organic matter in the hole to ensure good growth . 
I gently place the tree in the hole and refill with the shoveled dirt . 
I place my garden hose at the base of the tree and turn the water to a very slow stream so it will absorb into the soil properly . 
I allow the water to run for about and hour ensuring it does n't get soggy . 
I step back and admire my new tree and envision what it will look like a year from now . 
The other day I went to the grocery store to buy enough food for me to eat for several days . 
Before I left , I thought about what I might want to eat over the next few days . 
I looked through my recipes and decided on what sort of food to buy . 
I got a piece of paper and a pencil and wrote down all the food that I would need to buy to make these meals . 
Once I felt my list was complete , I gathered some bags and drove to the store . 
I took a shopping cart and pushed it into the store . 
In the store , I looked at my list again and thought about what foods might be near the front of the store . 
The front of the store had fruits and vegetables , so I looked for fruits and vegetables on my list so I could pick them up together . 
I walked down the aisle and found the items on my list and put them in my shopping cart . 
I put a check mark next to each item after I found it . 
When I got to the next aisle , I looked at my list again and did the same thing . 
I thought about the foods that would be in this aisle and found them together . 
After going down all the aisles , I saw that every item on my list had a check mark , so I knew I was done shopping . 
I pushed my shopping cart to the checkout lane and gave each item to the cashier . 
He scanned them and told me how much money the food costs . 
I gave him enough money to pay for the food and then helped him put everything into my bags . 
Then I carried the bags to my car and drove home . 
I spent the next few minutes putting all the food away where it belongs , and I was all done shopping . 
I bought a tree from my local plant supply store . 
It was a small sapling with only a few branches on it . 
I took a shovel out of my garage and found a good place for the tree next to my house . 
I began digging a hole with the shovel for a few minutes until the hole was about one and a half feet deep . 
I set down the shovel , and removed the plastic wrap from the tree 's roots . 
I separated the roots and loosened them apart . 
I set the tree down into the hole , and used the shovel to fill in the space around the roots with dirt and fertilizer that would help the tree grow better . 
Then , I took a bag of mulch from out of the garage and spread some of it around the tree to help protect it from other invasive plants . 
I watered the tree with a watering can . 
My backyard was looking a little empty , so I decided I would plant something in it . 
I decided on a tree . 
I went out and bought some tree seeds . 
I picked a species that I thought would grow well in the sun since my back yard receives a lot of sunlight . 
Once I was back home , I brought out all my gardening tools . 
I found a shovel and a watering can . 
With my seeds and tools , I found a spot in my yard that looked like it would get enough sunshine . 
There , I dug a hole for the seeds . 
I put a few in , and covered dirt back on top . 
After that I patted the the mound of earth back down . 
Once that was done , I took my watering can and watered the seeds until the soil was fairly moist . 
After that , I went to put away gardening supplies . 
I planned to water my tree periodically . 
I knew that if I took good care of it , it would grow up to be a full-sized tree . 
While looking for something to eat in our home , my wife and I decided it was time to go grocery shopping . 
First , we decided to take inventory on everything we had in the house , to see if we 'd need to buy more of it in our trip to the grocery store . 
After that , we made a list of things we need and want . 
After that we drove to the grocery store and got a cart . 
We walked around the grocery store , getting everything that we put on our list . 
After , we still had some extra spending money and decided to get some extra things . 
She was pregnant so she craves weird things . 
We got plenty of desserts . 
When we were done picking everything , we headed towards the cash registers to check out . 
We got everything scanned and handed the cashier the money to pay for everything . 
After that , we went home and put everything where it belongs . 
Yesterday I went grocery shopping . 
First I sat down and made a list of all the food I would need for the next week . 
I grabbed my reusable shopping bags and the list , grabbed my wallet and car keys , then started up the car and drove to the store . 
When I got to the store I went and grabbed a shopping cart , then I went straight to the produce aisle and got all the fruits and vegetables on the list . 
Then I worked my way to the opposite end of the store , making sure to grab everything that was on my list . 
As I went through the store I picked up the things on my list and put them into my shopping cart . 
When I had everything I went up to the checkstand and placed the items onto the conveyer belt , so the person could scan them and ring me out . 
After the cashier had totaled up my bill , I handed him my money and he handed me back my change . 
He put all the groceries into my bags for me , then I carried them out to the car and went home . 
Yesterday I went grocery shopping . 
I left my house and drove to the store . 
I parked the car , walked inside and grabbed a shopping cart . 
I looked at my list and saw that I needed some fresh produce . 
I picked out the best looking strawberries , they were on sale for $ 2 a pound . 
I bought several pounds because my daughter loves fresh strawberries . 
I finished up in the produce section , buying some things to make a green salad later to go with dinner . 
I then stopped at the meat section and picked out some nice cuts of steak for dinner . 
I went into the frozen foods section and found ice cream was also on sale . 
I bought vanilla and chocolate . 
I went through the rest of the aisles , consulting my list and picking out what my family needed . 
When I had found everything I needed , and put them in my cart , I walked over to the checkout lanes . 
I stood in line and waited for my turn . 
Finally , it was my turn and the checkout person checked me out . 
I paid my bill , and walked out to my car with the shopping cart . 
Then I loaded the car up with the groceries , returned the cart and drove home . 
Last Christmas I had to bake a cake for myself , and it was a bit of a doozy . 
I do n't know a lot about making cakes , but I have a super-huge baking pan , an oven , and a big sweet tooth ! 
I left the house looking around various convenience stores for cake mix ; it was Christmas , so going to a big store and wasting a bunch of time was out of the question . 
I had to spend a whole hour checking for a store that had any cake mix left ! 
I finally settled on two boxes of butter cake mix and some pink lemonade frosting and took it all home . 
Since my pan was way too big for just one box , I had to follow the instructions and double every ingredient while making the batter and pouring it in . 
I preheated the oven , put the cake pan with the batter in to bake , and watched TV for a few hours while I waited for it to be done . 
I checked the cake several times with a toothpick to make sure it was fully baked . 
Once it was done , I took it out to cool and frosted it , and then cut the cake into several square pieces . 
It went better than I expected for my first cake on short notice , but the frosting was SUPER sweet ! 
I like to cook a lot but I am not a very good baker . 
So I never bake cakes from scratch . 
However I do like cake al ot so I do bake them . 
I use box mixes . 
They are easy to use and make a very nice cake . 
it really does n't take much time . 
All you need to do is get one bowl . 
Add the cake mix from the box . 
Either 2 or 3 eggs added to the bowl . 
Then a half cup of oil and finally about a cup of water . 
Then you need to get your mixer and put it on medium and mix it all up for 2 to 3 minutes . 
Then put it into a non stick cake pan and bake for about 30 minutes . 
So all together about 10 minutes preparation and 30 minutes baking you can have a good tasting cake in 40 minutes . 
. 
I do n't really like frosting so as soon as it cools I cut myself a slice . 
We were starting to run out of food so I made a list of all the food items we were out of this morning . 
I put on my jacket and shoes , grabbed my keys and left the house . 
I started my car and decided to drive to Fred Meyer 's , an excellent grocery store . 
I arrived at Fred Meyer 's and walked through the cold wind and into the safety of the store . 
There were n't a lot of shoppers around thanks to the weather . 
I grabbed a hand basket and proceeded to the produce section first for apples , bananas and potatoes . 
After that I went to the bread section and got english muffins and a loaf of wheat bread . 
Next I proceeded to the frozen food section for a frozen pizza . 
The basket was starting to get full and heavy but I only had two more items left : milk and cheese . 
I headed for the dairy section , acquired my last few items and proceeded to checkout . 
Despite the store being not very busy the traditional checkout lines were all full so I used the self-checkout . 
I got my receipt and my bagged items and headed home to cook lunch . 
Yesterday I went to the nursery and bought a baby apple tree about three feet tall . 
I 've always loved apple trees . 
I carried it home in my pickup truck . 
I grabbed my shovel from the shed and started to dig a hole out in the corner of my backyard . 
As I was shoveling I started to hit some rocky soil , and I decided to try the other far back corner of my yard . 
The hole took about 45 minutes to dig , and I was exhausted from the work and the heat . 
I was able to fit the tree perfectly into the hole and then took a break to drink some lemonade . 
After about 15 minutes I started to refill the dirt around the tree . 
After packing the dirt down , I saturated the ground around the tree with water . 
I hope that the tree is n't too shocked and it actually lives . 
After a long day at school followed by soccer practice , taking a bath is one of the most relaxing and enjoyable parts of my day . 
First , I fill the tub with warm water . 
I like the water to be the perfect temperature ; not too hot , but not too cold . 
Sometimes I pour some bubble bath under the running faucet . 
The bubbles are fun and relaxing , not to mention they smell good too . 
While the water runs , I grab a large towel and washcloth , placing them near the tub . 
After undressing , I step into the tub and enjoy the warmth of the soapy water . 
I pour some shampoo on my palm , place my hands on my head , and rub vigorously . 
Then I rinse the shampoo out of my hair , and repeat the process with conditioner . 
Finally , I take a bar of soap and clean my entire body , using a washcloth to scrub . 
After my hair and body are clean , I drain the tub . 
I grab the towel , dry off , and get into my PJ ' s , ready for the new day ahead . 
Last night I had plans to go out to dinner with some friends . 
I arrived home from work and began to get ready to go out . 
I gathered a towel and my robe and headed to the bathroom . 
I had plenty of time so I decided to take a nice long bath . 
I put the stopper in the drain and adjusted the temperature of the water . 
I allowed the tub to fill about two-thirds of the way full and stepped inside . 
I sank into the warm water with a sigh . 
The water felt great and helped me relax . 
I grabbed a wash cloth from the side of the tub and rubbed the soap against the cloth . 
I worked it into a rich lather and preceded to wash my entire body from the head down . 
I then rinsed myself well , stood up , and carefully stepped out of the tub . 
The bath had refreshed me and I was ready for a night out . 
I decided I wanted to take a nice , luxurious bath . 
First , I went through my bathroom cabinets and found some really nice smelling bath salts . 
I found my biggest , fluffiest towel and set it next to the bathtub . 
I turned on the water and let it run until it was hot . 
Once the water ran hot , I shut the drain , so the water would fill up the top . 
Then I poured my nice smelling bath salts into the tub . 
They turned the water a lovely pink color . 
I watched the water fill up the tub and the bathroom became steamy . 
I grabbed a washcloth from the cabinet and got in the water . 
It was hot and smelled wonderful . 
I let myself relax and enjoy the experience . 
It was very quiet and I almost fell asleep . 
When I was done , I emptied the water out of the drain , toweled myself off , and left the bathroom feeling very refreshed . 
A few years ago we took a Mexican vacation . 
We heard the best way to travel is on the bus . 
It was very hot and tropical . 
We stood outside in the heat on the long sidewalk waiting for it . 
As we were standing there a giant gecko came out of the bushes . 
They say not to get near them . 
We hopped on the bus . 
The bus was very inexpensive . 
It was a mixture of locals and tourists . 
We decided to ride the bus to the old side of town . 
We got off near a strange McDonalds . 
Very soon after that we got back on the bus and went back into the main part of town where we felt safe . 
After that we just got on and off within a few mile radius of the hotel . 
We did end up renting a car the next day . 
The other day I decided that I wanted to read a book , but all the ones I had in my home I had read already . 
When I was thinking about what to do , I spotted my library card and decided that i 'd go borrow a book . 
I drove over and headed inside . 
I 've always liked libraries , they 're usually nice and quiet and you never know what kind of interesting books you might find when you 're looking around . 
I started by looking at the new arrival shelves , but nothing there really caught my eye . 
I headed over to one of the library computers and brought up the book search . 
It took me a little while to decide what kind of book I wanted , but eventually decided I wanted a science fiction book , just something to enjoy for a little while . 
I started browsing through all the search results until a book caught my eye . 
I noted down the shelf number it should be in and went over to it . 
I found my book and took it to the desk , where I gave the librarian my library card and the book . 
He checked it out for me and handed them back . 
After that , I headed home and sat down to read my book . 
Today I decided to borrow a book from the local library . 
I got dressed and headed out to the library . 
I was n't really sure what kind of book I wanted , other than a good novel or piece of fantasy fiction , so I started my search in the fiction section . 
I browsed the first few pages of several books while I was at the library to see if any interested me . 
Eventually , I came across a fantasy novel that looked really interesting to me . 
I took it up to the librarian and borrowed the book out for a week . 
The librarian collected some information for me and asked for my library card , before stamping my name in the back of the book . 
I took the book home and read it over the next several days . 
Once I was done , I made sure to return the book to the library before the due date , dropping it off in the library 's return box . 
My friend and I took the bus last week to the mall . 
This was a fun trip that last for a few hours back and forth . 
In the morning we got up early to wait outside the bus stop near our houses . 
When the bus came on time we got on board and paid for our tickets through the machine . 
My friend swiped his bus card and I paid in cash . 
After we got on we both went to the back where there were two empty seats . 
After stopping at 5 stops we transferred buses at the local station . 
This would allow us to take the right route to the mall . 
After coming back from the mall we took the same bus . 
There were a lot more people in the afternoon . 
At one point there were no seats left and two old ladies got on board . 
My friend an I decided to be polite and gave them our seats while we stood . 
Overall it was a great experience being able to ride the bus and help others at the same time . 
Never will I ever forget the first time my third grade class went on a field trip . 
That was the first day I ever took a bus other than a school bus . 
We had to get our permission slips signed and bring in $ 2.00 for a bus pass . 
When I first held my bus pass I wondered why people did n't just pay with cash . 
The day finally came for us to go to the museum and we walked together as a class to the bus stop . 
We stood there waiting for about ten minutes for the bus to come . 
When it arrived people rushed off and we boarded one by one . 
We each swiped our bus pass and searched for a seat . 
There were some people who took up two seats and the aroma of breath lingered in the air . 
Each stop a bell rang letting the driver know passengers wanted to get off . 
It took us ten stop to get to the museum but it seemed like forever . 
My teacher pressed the button and we all ran to the museum doors happy to be free . 
On the weekend I caught the train into the city . 
Before I left my house in the morning , I checked the train timetable online . 
I then walked to the train station . 
At the train station , I went to the ticket booth and asked for one return ticket to where I wanted to go . 
I paid the man at the booth and he gave me my ticket . 
I then sat down on a bench on the train platform and waited for my train to arrive . 
Five minutes later , the train arrived . 
I stood up and got on the train . 
On the train , I found an empty seat and sat down . 
I pulled a book out of my bag and read it while I waited for the train to arrive at my stop . 
When the train conductor announced that the train had reached my stop , I stood up and exited the train . 
I had a business meeting in San Fran and I lived in San Jose . 
Being that they were not that far of a distance I decided to take the train to it instead of flying . 
I went online and bought my train ticket and printed it out the night before and packed my things . 
I then got to the train station and parked . 
I went up to my train , train number four , and gave my ticket to the conductor and boarded the train . 
I was able to put my suitcase in the overhead bin and sat down in my seat which to my surprise was quite roomy . 
Very different from the cramped seats on an airplane . 
They even had plugs in the seats and Wi-Fi . 
I decided to pull out my laptop and check emails and get some work done during my hour and a half train ride . 
We arrived at our destination and I got off the train , grabbed my things and caught a taxi to my hotel . 
Last night we decided to head into New York City . 
Driving in was not a good option , who wants to deal with that kind of traffic ? 
So we decide a better idea was to take the train in . 
We parked our car at the train station in Newark and prepaid for weekend parking . 
I grabbed a small bag and we went to the ticket window to purchase our tickets . 
After that we just had to wait for our train to arrive and begin boarding . 
Once it was at the station we were so excited , we ran out to the platform and boarded one of the cars . 
We found seats quickly , unlike an airplane you just sit where you want . 
And then off we went ! 
The train seemed to stop a lot , there were so many more stations than I realized were out there . 
Eventually though , we heard those magic words . 
Penn Station ! 
We had arrived in New York City ! 
Last month I wanted to go visit my parents in Florida , but I hate to fly . 
After thinking about it for a little while , I decided to take the train . 
It 's not as fast as flying but it is a lot faster than driving . 
I got on my computer and pulled up the train schedules to see if there was one that would work to get me where I was going . 
After checking a few , I found one headed the way I needed to go that was also running at the right time . 
I bought a round trip ticket right from the website . 
Since it would only take 10 hours to get there , I did n't bother getting a spot in a sleeper car , just a regular seat . 
I packed up the things I needed and headed to the train station . 
Once I was there I checked in and got on the train . 
About 10 minutes later it was time to go and the train rumbled out of the station . 
I had a window seat , so I could watch the scenery go by as we sped along the tracks . 
After a little while I decided to go up to the food car and get some lunch . 
I sat in the food car , ate and played a game on my tablet . 
After a while I went back to my seat , plugged my headphones into my tablet and just watched the country roll by while I listened to my music . 
We got to Florida on time and I had a great visit with my parents , and best of all , I did n't have to fly ! 
I decided to get a haircut yesterday . 
A friend recommended a place where I would n't have to make an appointment ahead of time , so I went there . 
After I got there , I took a ticket and waited my turn . 
Then one of the beautician s called for me and I sat in her chair . 
The first thing she did was introduce herself and then she asked me what kind of haircut I wanted while she looked at my hair . 
I told her just to give me the same cut , only about an inch shorter . 
So , the next thing she did was put a plastic cape around my shoulders to protect my clothes and then she turned me around and lowered my chair so she could wash my hair . 
Then she raised me up again and turned me back around . 
The whole time she was cutting my hair , I could see what she was doing in the mirror and she talked to me . 
It was very pleasant and not at all scary . 
Once my haircut was finished , she dried it with a dryer and then brushed the hair off of the cape before she took the cape off of me . 
Finally , she asked me if I liked my haircut and I did so I paid and gave her a tip . 
As an avid mountain biker , I have found myself in many precarious situations . 
From run ins with bears , to falling into prickly bushes . 
It is always an adventure when you are riding your mountain bike through the great outdoors . 
One particular issue that affects all mountain bikers , is flat tires . 
I have had numerous flat tires during my years riding . 
The first flat tire I ever had left me stranded miles away form civilization . 
I had to hoof it out on foot , carrying a broken bike . 
It was an experience I did not want to relive again . 
From then on I purchased and kept many bicycle tire tubes in my riding gear . 
To replace a bicycle tire is now a simple process for me . 
You break the bead on the old tire shell and pull it slightly to the side . 
You work the tube out from between the rim and the tire itself . 
You then stuff the new rubber tube where the old one was , making sure the nipple matches with the nipple hole . 
You then move the outer tire back into position and pump up the tire . 
my sister Jane and I love to go bicycling . 
One warm day in June , we wanted to go out and ride but my bike had a flat tire . 
I carefully took the tire off of the rim and then inflated it with a hand pump so I could find the leak . 
A blast of cool air on my fingers led me to the problem : a single round hole , probably caused by a nail or other sharp object . 
I got out my patch kit , and Jane held up the tire for me as I first applied glue and then placed a patch carefully over the damaged area . 
I had to let it dry , so we took turns riding Jane 's bike for a while . 
Then I inflated the tire and checked the patch . 
It was good ! 
The leak was repaired . 
I put the tire back on my bike and we went off on a nice long ride . 
I was happy to have my bike fixed again . 
In a couple days , me and some friends were going to celebrate the good weather by going biking . 
I had my bike sit in my garage for a couple years not using it . 
So when I decided to get it out , to my surprise it had flat tires . 
I struggled to get the bike out of the garage with all the other junk in it , and found my tire pump along with it . 
After I got my bike out , I kneeled near the bike and found cap for the tire . 
I unscrewed it with a pair of pliers because it was on tight . 
I plugged the hose into the tire and started pumping until it was at a good level . 
I quickly unplugged the air pump and screwed the cap back on . 
After this I moved over to the rear tire , and repeated the same process to fix my flat bicycle tire . 
Carla decided to get her hair cut today . 
So , she stopped by a nearby hair salon . 
After saying hello to the hairdresser and waiting for a few minutes , she sat on one of the chairs that were now free . 
The hairdresser next washed Carla 's hair with water and shampoo . 
Once the hair was dry , she inspected Carla 's face shape and asked what kind of hair style she wanted . 
They discussed this for about a minute before a decision was made . 
The hairdresser then prepared the hair , separating it into different sections before she began cutting it . 
She worked calmly and carefully , making sure that she would successfully achieve the style Carla wanted . 
After about 30 minutes , the hairdresser had almost finished . 
So , she made last-minute touches by drying the hair using a blow dryer , and some final trimming . 
Once this was finished , Carla checked herself in the mirror and was very happy once she saw how nice her new hairstyle looked . 
I had a job interview coming up in a couple days . 
After filling out so many applications I noticed that my hair was getting very long . 
So I ended up deciding to get my hair cut in order to look good for the upcoming interview . 
I got in the care in the early afternoon and drove off to my usual barber . 
I have been going to this barber for the last 5 years , and never had a problem . 
Once I arrived for the appointment , I sat down on the chair and told her I wanted the usual . 
She asked what the occasion was and I told her that I had a job interview in a couple days . 
She wished me the best of luck while she continued cutting my hair . 
After some conversation , she was done . 
I ended up paying her a good tip considering I felt bad that I did n't get a good hair cut in a long time . 
I stood at the train station with my luggage bags waiting to take the train to the nearest airport . 
I took the train solely due to convenience of not having to drive my car and leave it at the airport . 
Once the train arrived at the destination , I picked up my bags and headed in to take my seat . 
I took a compartment all to myself as there were not many other people on the same train . 
As a result , I got to relax and have a compartment with complete silence , where I then took a nap . 
Moments later , an attendant came by to check everyone 's tickets . 
I showed him my ticket , to which he tore off the perforated bottom portion and handed the ticket back to me . 
Once the train arrived at the airport about 45 minutes later , I grabbed my luggage and headed out of the compartment to the front of the train . 
I exited the train and went to my flight . 
My family decided to take a train in to the city and have an afternoon of shopping . 
We went to the station and bought tickets from the vending machine there . 
We often bought the ten-trip ticket because it was a good bargain . 
Then we had to wait for our train to arrive . 
When it did , we stepped through the open doors into the car , stepping carefully over the gap between the platform and the train . 
We found ourselves a nice seat . 
My sister took a seat by the window because she always likes to watch the moving landscape . 
We all enjoyed a train ride . 
The sound of the wheels on the tracks was soothing and the rides were n't too long . 
Before long , the conductor came and took our tickets . 
She was very polite and friendly . 
It was not long before the train went into the tunnel and we knew the ride was nearly over . 
I wanted to visit my friend in the city , but I did n't have a car . 
So , I decided to take the train . 
I walked to the train station and went up to the ticket counter . 
I asked for a ticket to the city where my friend lived and asked for the one that would depart the soonest . 
The ticket person sold me a ticket and I paid for it in cash . 
I called my friend and told them when I would be arriving to the train station near them . 
I waited by the train terminal for my train . 
When the train arrived I boarded the train and took a seat . 
The train passed many stops and finally I reached the stop that I wanted . 
I got off the train and saw my friend waiting for me to pick me up . 
The train had arrived at exactly the time that was stated on the ticket . 
When riding a public bus , I usually feel anxious so I try not to do it too often . 
I wait at the bus stop until the bus I am looking to board arrives . 
I usually walk to the bus stop . 
When the bus arrives , i pay the fare and it . 
I usually hope that the bus will not be too full , since I do not like to sit with strangers . 
Hopefully I can sit somewhere by myself . 
I sit down and usually put on some headphones so that no one tried to have a conversation with my . 
Hopefully I was able to secure a window seat so I stare out the window while I wait to get to my destination . 
I use a lot of hand sanitizer since buses skeeve me out . 
If i 'm going to be on the bus for a long time , I will use a antibacterial wipe to clean around me . 
When we get to my destination I will be very relieve and leave . 
This morning when I woke up for work I realized I was running late for my usual ride . 
I hurried to get ready and then raced to the bus terminal that is nearest to my apartment . 
I arrived at the bus stop just in time as the bus was pulling up when I got there . 
The bus driver opened the door and a line of people filed into the bus ahead of me . 
As I boarded the bus I dropped some change in the drivers bucket to pay for my ride to work . 
I quickly moved toward the back of the bus and found an open seat . 
I sat patiently as the bus made a few more stops and people came and went from the bus . 
After about twenty minutes the bus pulled up outside my office building . 
The bus came to a stop and I hopped up and made my decent down the stairs and off the bus . 
I was at work with only minutes to spare before I needed to be punched in for my shift . 
I was happy I had made it on time . 
I often make several trips to the library so my library card is always left in my wallet and I never have to search for it . 
Today , I had to return a book but I also wanted to borrow a new one . 
I had recently finished an introductory book on learning a new language and wanted to replace it with something more enjoyable . 
I walked out to the library . 
It was only a few minutes away and I only had to cross a few streets . 
Walking past the small store , I found the reception desk where a librarian was waiting for me . 
I checked back in my book on a new language and checked the rest of the library . 
I scanned the aisles for the fiction and fantasy sections . 
Once found , I just picked some random books until I was able to choose one that seemed interesting enough to read . 
I took my book back to the reception desk and had it checked out with my library card . 
Yesterday I went to the library to look at some books . 
My favorite type of books are books about animals . 
I love cats and wolves and many other fantastic creatures . 
My dad dropped me off at the library at 3:00 PM . 
I asked the librarian at the desk where I could find some books on animals . 
She directed me to a large shelf in the back . 
I started to look at the books and found one on wolves and another on leopards . 
I took the books off the shelf and sat down at a table . 
I started reading them and was so into them that I lost track of time . 
Soon it was 6:00 PM and my father was waiting outside to pick me up . 
I took both books to the front desk and had the librarian check them out for me . 
I was so excited to continue reading them and I went outside and we drove home . 
My car had recently broke down and I had no mode of transportation , I needed to ride the bus to work everyday now . 
I had never rode the bus before so it was kind of a daunting experience . 
I looked up what I needed to do online , the first thing I needed to do was buy a bus pass in order to even ride the bus . 
After that it was relatively simple , I just had to wait for the bus that would take me nearest to my office building , and board it . 
Once I was on I just had to scan my pass and pick a seat . 
After that I just waited until I reached my stop and I got off of the bus . 
Once work was over I just did the same thing and got off at the stop as close to my house as possible . 
Riding the bus was not as scary as I thought it would be . 
A Library is a great way to re-live the past . 
It 's a magical place where you can rent a book , and return it at a leisurely pace . 
Now-a-days there are many digital options so the Library has become all but extinct . 
On the plus side they may have some very rare finds that you can review . 
In order to borrow a book from the library , head to your local one and start browsing their selection . 
You can read the back of these books for a summary on the topics covered in the book . 
Once you have selected a book or two , locate your closest librarian desk and bring the books over . 
They will allow you to register and sign out these books , due back at another time . 
Take them home and make sure to enjoy them by a fireplace , or with a small lit candle . 
Once you have completed these books , or grown tired of them , you can head back to the Library to return them . 
I found myself in my youth in a precarious and annoying position . 
Not only did I live in the very rough part of town with theives , drug dealers , and crack addicts , but I was without reliable transportation . 
I did , however , have enough money for bus fare . 
As the job search continued I found an oportunity on the other side of town working for Subway . 
I utilized the bus service . 
The characters on the bus were generally normal people but there were always a few outliers that were a bit intimidating . 
Most of these reeked of alcohol and insanity . 
They were probably homeless people . 
I usually did n't talk to too many people on the bus , just kept to myself . 
I would go to the transfer spot in downtown , and switch to the bus that would take me to my final location at Subway . 
This morning , I took a public bus so I could go to the beach . 
The bus fare is cheaper than a taxi . 
In my city , it costs $ 2.00 to ride . 
First , I waited at the bus stop near to my house . 
When the bus stopped for me , I walked up the steps , which are pretty high . 
I said hello to the bus-driver and he gave me a friendly smile . 
I paid my fare went to look for a seat . 
There are usually a lot of people riding , but today it was pretty empty . 
The bus began to move , so I had to get my footing . 
I saw a good corner spot in the back and made my way . 
I was hanging onto the poles because I did not want to fall over when the bus started to pick up speed . 
There was an older woman who I passed and she had about two bags with her and she was humming a quiet song . 
There were pen markings on the chair in front of me and a piece of gum stuck to the window . 
I sat down , got a book out and read for a little while . 
People got on and off the bus while we drove . 
It was a little bumpy . 
I knew my stop was coming up when I saw the mall . 
The bus ride took about thirty minutes . 
I stood up to pull the chord for my stop and a light at the front of the bus lit up bright red . 
The bus stopped and the doors opened and I got out from the back of the bus . 
It was a nice , quick ride . 
I returned to my home one evening after a long day of hiking and exploring the outdoors . 
I had dirt caked on my legs and grass stains on my knees , so I needed to clean myself up before getting into bed . 
I got a towel and washcloth from my linen closet and brought them into my bathroom . 
I turned on both the hot and cold knobs in the bathtub and let the water run for a few moments before I put my hand under it to test the temperature . 
I turned each knob until the water felt warm and comfortable . 
Then I plugged the drain and undressed , putting my dirty clothes in the hamper . 
Once the bathtub was about halfway full , I turned off the water and carefully sat down in the tub . 
I took some soap from the dish and rubbed it on the washcloth , then scrubbed my dirty legs until the mud and grass disappeared . 
I let the water rinse away the soap . 
Once I felt clean , I stepped out of the tub and wrapped a towel around myself to dry off . 
Then I pulled the plug out of the drain and let the water disappear down the pipes . 
As the tub was draining , I dried myself completely with the towel and put on pajamas . 
I hung up my wet towel and washcloth and was ready to go to bed , all clean from the bath . 
Some people view flying in an airplane as a chore , but I truly enjoy it . 
Finding the best fare and route to meet your needs is a very important first step , and I usually utilize various travel websites to ensure I 'm getting the best possible deal . 
On the day of my flight I go to the airport with plenty of time to check in luggage and get through security checks . 
Having traveled before , I know this can be quite time consuming , so I try to be there at least an hour and a half before boarding time . 
Once I 'm through security I head towards my gate . 
If I have time I may stop for a snack or some shopping , though I make sure to keep an ear out for my flight to be called for boarding . 
Once I am called , I patiently and orderly wait my turn to enter the airplane . 
I place my carry on in the assigned bin , take my seat , get a book out and make myself as comfortable as possible . 
If I 'm correctly prepared , flying can be a wholly pleasant experience . 
Last week , I flew in an airplane to visit a different state . 
After I parked my car in the parking lot , I found the right ticket counter for my airline and then turned in my suitcase so it could travel in the cargo of the plane . 
Then I went to a place called a gate which is really just an indoor place to wait for my plane to arrive . 
It has a big window where I watched the planes and waited for my turn to get on one . 
Once my plane arrived , a nice flight attendant showed me to my seat and I sat down to wait . 
My seat was comfortable , but small , and there were people sitting on each side of me . 
Once everyone settled in , the plane started and then drove down the runway to wait its turn to take off . 
When we took off , it rose into the air and then leveled off to what the pilot called cruising speed . 
Then the flight attendants brought around food and drinks . 
The plane was a little noisy , but it was fun to watch the people and the food was pretty good . 
The plane ride was short and we had barely finished our food and drinks before the pilot said it was time to land in the next town . 
The flight attendants came back around to pick up our trash and then we had to buckle our seat belts again for the plane to land . 
It was a fun trip and I hope I get to do it again sometime . 
I decided to bake a cake for my brother 's birthday . 
He likes chocolate cake the best so I chose a box of double fudge cake for him . 
It was a cake mix in a box because that 's the easiest way to back a cake . 
The back of the box said to preheat the oven so I did and then I took out a bowl , a mixer , milk , eggs and oil . 
I opened the cake box and poured the cake mix into the bowl . 
Then I added two eggs and the amount of milk and oil the back of the box said to use . 
Next I used the mixer to stir it all together . 
After that I used a little more oil to grease a cake pan . 
The back of the box also told me which size cake pan to use . 
Once the cake pan was ready , I poured the mixed cake batter into it and smoothed it into the edges then opened the oven to put it inside . 
I used an oven mitt on my hand for that part because the oven was hot . 
Once the door was closed again , I set a timer to the right amount of time , according to the back of the box , and then waited . 
By the time the timer went off , the cake smelled really good and I turned off the oven , then opened it and took the cake out with oven mitts again . 
Then I let it cool on a rack on the counter . 
When it was cool I opened a container of fudge frosting and spread it all over the cake . 
I just need to put candles on it and I think my brother will really like it . 
On Saturday I baked a chocolate cake for my dad 's birthday . 
On Saturday morning , I went to the local supermarket and bought all the necessary ingredients . 
When I arrived back home , I laid all the ingredients out on the kitchen counter . 
I then preheated the oven to 375 degrees Fahrenheit and greased a cake tin with butter . 
Then , following the directions in the recipe I found in my cookbook , I measured out the correct quantities for all the ingredients . 
I then made the cake batter following the step-by-step instructions in the recipe . 
When the batter was made , I poured it into my greased cake pan . 
I then placed the cake in the oven and set the kitchen timer to 45 minutes . 
When the timer rang , I removed the cake from the oven , using kitchen mitts so I would n't burn my hands . 
I then placed the pan on the counter for 5 minutes . 
After 5 minutes had passed , I carefully removed the cake from the pan and placed it on a wire rack to cool . 
When the cake was completely cool , I iced it with chocolate frosting . 
There are six people living in my house , so going grocery shopping is usually a weekly occurrence . 
I do n't mind doing it though , because I like picking out what food to buy . 
I usually go on the morning with my sister . 
We get in the car and drive over to the closest grocery store which is about three miles away . 
We also take a list of items with us so we do n't forget what we need to buy . 
When we arrive at the store we park the car and get out . 
I will grab a shopping cart near the store entrance and then we go inside . 
We then take a look at our shopping list and begin gathering all the items . 
It takes us about 30 minutes to find everything . 
We then go to the checkout and pay for all the stuff . 
Then we go back to our car and drive home . 
My neighborhood is kind of boring looking since there are n't many plants , I guess you could say it looks barren . 
One day I decided to do something about this , so I went to the local plant store with the intention of buying a tree . 
I decided I wanted the tree to be functional rather than just cosmetic , so I decided to buy a small apple tree . 
I brought the tree home and got to work digging a hole in my front yard with a shovel . 
It was hard work and the weather was hot , but finally the hole was big enough to plant the tree . 
I then carefully took the tree out of its pot and placed it in the hole . 
I filled the hole back up with dirt and made sure the tree was steady . 
It was a nice sight , some of my neighbors even complimented me . 
I now water the tree every day to make sure it grows strong . 
Every Sunday , I love to bake cake for a family dessert . 
But before I bake my cake , I make sure I go to the supermarket to get all of my ingredients . 
My ingredients include baking powder , milk , eggs , sugar , and the list continues . 
Once I purchase all of my ingredients , I go home and get my electric appliances such as mixer and other tools ready to use . 
Now , I 'm ready to finally bake ! 
It 's usually very fun to bake a cake because I bake with my sister . 
We always make a mess in the kitchen and always laugh about it . 
Whether it 's baking powder all over our clothes , or broken eggs on the floor , we make a big mess . 
But at the end , we get everything right and actually bake a decent cake . 
We tend to bake vanilla or red velvet cake . 
That 's our favorite . 
Once the cake is ready , we wait an hour until we put icing on top of the cake . 
Later on after dinner , the family enjoys a nice slice of cake . 
The church was having a bake sale . 
I decided to make a pineapple upside down cake , as they are my favorite . 
I realized I needed a few ingredients so I made sure to include them in my shopping list when I went to the store . 
After I got home from shopping I gathered all the ingredients and equipment on the counter , opened the cookbook , and turned on the oven . 
First I layered the pineapple in the baking dish , placed the cherries in the center of the rings and sprinkled the brown sugar on . 
In the bowl I measured and added all the dry ingredients and mixed them before adding the wet ingredients in the order suggested by the recipe . 
After stirring the appropriate amount of time I carefully poured the batter into the baking dish , over the pineapple . 
I placed the dish in the oven , set the timer , and when the timer rang I checked it then removed it . 
I took it to church in the pan and placed it on a tray there as it was easier to transport that way . 
It looked delicious and sold for more than any of the other cakes . 
My friend , Tom , had moved into a new house , and decided to plant a small tree to help make his yard look better . 
He had been advised by a tree expert , that the best time to plant it was in April or May . 
So about several weeks after Tom had moved into his new home , he went ahead to plant the tree in mid April . 
He first got and checked some maps to make sure he did n't mistakenly end up digging into any telephone or gas lines . 
Once he found a suitable spot to plant his new tree , Tom took a shovel and began preparing the hole to place it in . 
Next , he prepared the tree for planting by turning carefully upside down to remove it from the pot it came in . 
He then gently , placed the tree into the hole . 
Tom also filled the hole with some compost and manure to help the tree grow better . 
Once this was done , he filled up the hole completely and watered the tree . 
Finally , he placed mulch on top and then stopped to admire the beautiful new tree in his yard . 
Today is my friend 's birthday so I decided I wanted to bake a cake for her . 
First , I went to the grocery store and bought all the ingredients I would need to make the cake like flour , eggs , oil , sugar and butter . 
I also bought some candles to put on top of the cake once it was done . 
Then I went home and headed for the kitchen . 
I preheated the oven so it would be hot and ready for the cake and then got out my bowls and measuring cups and spoons . 
I mixed all the ingredients in a bowl then got out a cake pan and greased it with butter so the cake would not stick , poured the cake batter in the pan and put the pan in the oven to bake . 
I set the timer on the oven so it would beep when the cake was done , then cleaned up the bowls and spoons I had used . 
When the cake was done I took it out of the oven and let it cool then decorated it with frosting and candles . 
When I saw my friend later that day , I lit the candles and sang Happy Birthday to her . 
She really liked her cake . 
Upon the realization I was out of milk and had nothing to make for dinner , I decided to stop at the grocery store . 
It was down the street from my apartment , so I hopped into my car and was there within minutes . 
I grabbed a basket and headed to the back right corner to get some ground beef , then headed to the back left to grab some milk . 
My journey then continued to the produce department where I snagged some broccoli and onions . 
With my eyes fixed on the checkout line , I headed in that direction trying to keep my eyes away from the ice cream section . 
I failed and took some chocolate ice cream , went to check out . 
The line was long , my eyes then wandered to the tabloids while the line moved forward . 
I put my products onto the conveyer belt and smiled at the check out lady . 
After I typed in my phone number for a slight discount , I swung my purse around me to get my wallet and paid . 
I took my bags of stuff and walked to my car . 
The first step to planting a tree is to find a suitable spot for the tree . 
One thing many people do not think about is the amount of airspace needed once the tree actually starts growing . 
make sure there are know power-lines or other objects that may be affected the growing tree . 
After a suitable spot is found , get a shovel and dig a whole large enough to cover the entire base off the tree with at least six inches of soil to spare on top of the trees root bulb . 
When the hole is dug , shake some of the loose dirt from the tree 's root bulb and then place the tree into the newly created hole . 
Pack the area around the hole and tree bulb with some of the dirt that was excavated from the hole . 
Water the hole , the use the shovel to pat the area around the tree down . 
Water the area one more time . 
Last summer I decided to go to Mexico with my cousins . 
It was a nice vacation and we were very excited to go . 
In order to get to Mexico , we had to fly a plane . 
I have no issues flying a plane . 
I usually fly it constantly when I visit my friends in Florida . 
My cousins , on the other hand , were n't too keen on flying . 
They were very nervous on the plane . 
I had to calm them down . 
The food we received helped calm their nerves . 
Eating distracted them a little from our environment . 
Everything was fine until the plane started to experience a lot of turbulence . 
My cousins started to get afraid again . 
In fact , the turbulence was so bad , I started to feel afraid as well . 
Soon , the pilot announced that there was nothing to worry about . 
A couple minutes later , the plane flew smoothly again . 
Eight hours later , we arrived at Mexico . 
We were not only excited to be in Mexico , but we were excited to be on solid ground again . 
Last month I rode on an airplane to visit my family in California . 
I had purchased the tickets online the month before , so everything was ready to go . 
I packed all the clothes , toiletries , books , and other things I would need for the trip the night before , then I went to bed early to make sure I would be rested up for the trip . 
I woke up the next morning and took a taxi cab to the airport . 
The cab driver dropped me off at the front of the airport , and told me which way to go to make my plane . 
I headed in the direction of American Airlines , and got in line at the check in stand . 
When my turn came I showed the lady my boarding pass , and she explained all the rules of flying to me . 
She then directed me to another part of the airport where I would board the plane at . 
Before I could get on the plane they made me go through a metal detector and checked me bags . 
I got on the plane and found my seat . 
A lady showed everyone on the plane what to do in case something went wrong , then the plane took off . 
It was just a short flight , so there was no food served , but we did get drinks . 
Before long they made an announcement that we were about to land , and sure enough , they told us to buckle our seat belts . 
After the plane landed we all got off , and I said hello to my family , who was waiting at the airport in California for me ! 
I woke up early in the morning and walked from my house to the road where the bus travels . 
This is a busy bus route , so there are a lot of buses I can catch at this spot . 
I waited 10 minutes and saw a bus in the distance coming my way . 
I waited patiently at the bus stop making sure the bus driver could see I wanted to board . 
The bus driver stopped the bus and opened the door for me . 
I had to wait for some other passengers to get off the bus first . 
I walked up steps into the bus and paid for my trip . 
There is a machine that collects money and tokens in front of the bus . 
Luckily , there was a seat available to sit in . 
I rode the bus for about 10 minutes until we were coming close to my stop . 
I pulled the string to tell the bus driver I wanted off . 
I said goodbye and got off the bus and went to my destination . 
I wanted to go the museum downtown Milwaukee . 
I got ten dollars from my bank and put in my pocket . 
I walked a block from my house to catch the bus . 
The number nine bus came ten minutes later . 
I boarded the bus and asked the driver " How much ? " 
The driver asked me where I was going and when I told him he said " That ll be two seventy five . " 
I pulled three dollars out of my pocket and put them in the bus money collection machine . 
The machine showed three dollars were entered and that my ride would cost two seventy five . 
A quarter dropped in the drop box . 
I retrieved the quarter and then found a seat . 
The bus driver told I had ten stops before mine so I started counting stops . 
The first stop was fifth street . 
The second was Hadley Avenue . 
The next stop was Dobson . 
Adams was the ninth stop . 
Finally , Main Street came up . 
I pulled the bus s rider cord to let the bus driver I wanted to get off . 
The bus let me off in the front of the Milwaukee Public Museum . 
I spent almost the whole day there and then returned home the opposite way I came . 
After a long day at work and then the gym , I knew that a shower would not suffice . 
I needed a bath - a long , refreshing , bubbly bath with the radio blasting my favorite songs . 
I grabbed a towel , a luffa , and my radio and headed to the bathroom . 
I sighed in relief as I eyed the bathtub . 
I whistled a tune as I turned the hot water on and poured some of the bubble bath mix that I had . 
The bubbles quickly covered the water as I happily took off my clothes and dove right in ! 
I grabbed my rubber ducky that was sitting on the edge of the tub and moved it into the water with me . 
As I listened to the radio , I scrubbed and washed myself thoroughly , taking my time . 
I turned the water off and continued bathing until my skin began to get all pruney . 
I hopped out of the tub and toweled off so that I was as clean and dry as a whistle . 
I turned my radio off and walked out of the bathroom with a big smile on my face . 
I waited too long to start working on my report that was due for my class . 
I was in a hurry , and had to get some research material for the assignment . 
Sadly , one of the requirements for this report was to have a couple citations from a book instead of other articles that can easily be found on the internet . 
After an hour of searching for my library card , I found it at last and head out . 
After I arrived I had to ask the librarian where they kept such books . 
It was a while since I have been in there . 
After finding the section . 
I carefully looked through the books that caught my eye and picked the book that I needed for my report . 
I walked up to the librarian , and borrowed the book . 
But not without paying an old book fee I had from a year ago . 
After I paid , I walked out with the book in hand ready to do some research . 
I wanted to get a knitting book for one pattern , but did n't want to buy the entire book just to access three of its pages . 
I decided to go see if they had it at the library . 
When I got there , I walked through the automatic doors and breathed the smell of old paper . 
I walked over to a computer to look up the title I was seeking and jotted down the area in which it could be found . 
Luckily , it had n't been checked out and I meandered over to the nonfiction section . 
I quickly found the book and took some time perusing the selection . 
I did n't see anything else that perked my interest and walked to the front to check out the book . 
I decided to use the self check out . 
I scanned my library card and then the bar code on the book . 
The machine gave me a receipt . 
I took that and the book , then left . 
I ordered my train tickets a couple days before after planning to meet up with family . 
I had them printed out and ready to use . 
After doing the standard morning routines , we finally arrived at train station about half an hour early to make sure that we got there in time . 
We approached the clerk desk to get confirmation about the train . 
After about half an hour later , the train arrived very shortly after we sat down . 
We both showed the tickets to the employee , and then got on the train . 
We both got seated into our seats with our luggage being handled . 
It did not take for the train to take off , and we were on our way . 
While the train ride was pretty uncomfortable , the sights was enjoyable . 
The ride took about a couple hours until we arrived at our destination . 
We both got our luggage and got off the train . 
A couple of days ago I decided my hair was getting a little to long , so I went to get my hair cut . 
I go to an old-fashioned barber , not a hair salon , so I did n't need to make an appointment . 
I just drove there , parked and walked in the door . 
There was only one person ahead of me , so I did n't have to wait too long . 
I read a magazine while he finished the other person , then got into the chair . 
As usual , he asked how I wanted it cut and I told him to do it the same way as always . 
Maybe someday I 'll surprise him and ask for a mohawk or something , but not today . 
He went to work with the scissors while we talked a little about sports teams . 
It did n't take too long before he was done with the cutting and used the electric trimmer to make everything neat . 
I go to an old enough barber that he actually finishes up with a hot towel and neck massage , which is always nice . 
I paid him and headed home a lot neater looking then I was before . 
The other week I had to take a trip on a train to visit some family that lives down south . 
Once I bought my train ticket I waited with a big group of people for the train to come . 
Once the train came down the track we all got onto the train and took our seats . 
A ticket-man came and asked to see our tickets and make sure that we all were supposed to be on the train , and also that we 're all in the right seats . 
Once that is all taken care of I walk to the food train-car and get some food . 
I sit down at the train-car table and eat my food . 
The food is good , but was prepared quickly . 
After I eat my food I throw away the trash from my meal and walk back to my seat where I fall asleep for a little while and then when I wake up I am at my destination and exit the train where I meet up with my family who are waiting for me . 
When you have a flat bicycle tire the first thing you need to do is see where the hole is originating from . 
You have to fully unscrew the tire first and take off the outer rubber . 
Then you have to take off the inner rubber tube off of the tire frame . 
Once you have the inner tube try to find a body of water . 
Most easy method is filling the tire back up with air and listening for the sound . 
Another method is filling a bucket with water if you are at home . 
Once the inner tube is submerged in the water you should be able to see bubbles coming out of the hole . 
Once you identify where the puncture is you have to dry the area first before using either a specific tape or glue to plug up the hole . 
Verify once you repaired the hole place the tube back on the frame and fill it back up with air . 
The easiest cake for me to make is Cheesecake . 
Throw eggs , sugar , cream cheese and flavor in a bowl and you have the filling . 
Pour that filling in a cookie crust , bake at 350 for one hour , remove and freeze . 
I like strawberries on my cheesecake . 
I slice up a few strawberries , pour sugar over them add a little and then place on top of frozen cheesecake . 
It is so good that your whole family will enjoy it . 
My love of cooking came from my mother . 
She used let me help her in the kitchen . 
When she made cakes and pies and used the mixer , she would let me lick the bowl . 
I would get frosting , cake batter and pie filling on my jaws and face . 
But I didn ' t care about that . 
Those times were the few times that my siblings and I didn ' t complain about cleaning up the kitchen . 
I wish I could have a day like one of those days just once again . 
I was riding my bicycle down a beautiful country road on a sunny , summer day . 
When all of a sudden , I felt something was wrong . 
I stopped my bike , got off and looked down . 
My front tire had gone flat . 
I must have ridden over something sharp to puncture it . 
So I pulled out my gear bag that I had strapped to my bike . 
I found an extra rubber tire liner and the tools needed to repair it . 
I took the wheel off my bike so it would be easier to work on . 
I removed the punctured rubber tire liner from the wheel . 
I replaced it with the new one using my tools . 
I then used a special little cartridge I had brought with me that was filled with pressurized carbon dioxide to pump my new tire up . 
Once it was done , I placed it back on my bike and continued on with my ride . 
I was riding my bike home from school one day when I went through a thorny patch of ground while going through the park . 
The tire then went flat after a few more minutes of riding and I was stuck a couple of miles from home . 
I called my dad and told him what happened and where I was . 
After a few minutes , he showed up with new inner tubes and a few tools to help me fix my bike tires . 
We started by removing the outer rubber of the tires and getting the damaged inner tubes out . 
Then we replaced them with new ones . 
After reinstalling the tubes and putting them back onto the bicycle , we had to inflate the tires which took a few minutes with a foot pump . 
Afterwards , he drove home and I followed on my repaired bike . 
I promised to avoid patches of thorns after that since it cost me 2 weeks of allowance to buy the inner tubes . 
I 'd had my old bike sitting around the house for a few months , but now that the weather is getting warmer I decided I should probably do something about the flat tire in the front . 
I 'd already tried using my bike pump ; it would inflate a little but I could never get it anywhere close to fully inflated . 
I know from past experience those fix-a-flat or emergency bike repair kits are pretty worthless . 
I think they 're made for the narrow old tires you 'd see on ten-speed street bikes . 
I have a mountain bike with large tires and a lot of pressure is needed to keep them inflated . 
Since I only live a few blocks from a bicycle repair shop I decided to take the bike there . 
I bought it at that shop anyway so I figured they 'd do the service for free , as promised . 
I stopped by , they took it in the back , replaced the inner tube of the tire , inflated it , and it was as good as new . 
Best of all , they only charged me ten bucks for the tube . 
That 's the beauty of local , independently own businesses . 
They really care about their customers . 
Today I found out my bike tire was flat right before I needed to ride it to work . 
I hurriedly flipped the bike upside down and sat it on the seat . 
I pulled quick release bolt on the tire and unscrewed it . 
I disconnected the brakes and removed the wheel from the bike . 
I then used the tire removal tool so that I could get to the inner tube . 
I removed the inner tube , and examined where the hole might be . 
I could not find the hole so I put it into the sink with water . 
I found the tiny hole in the tube . 
I used glue and a chunk of rubber from an old inner tube to fix the puncture . 
I had to let it dry for a few minutes . 
I put the inner tube back onto the rim , and then put the tire back onto the rim . 
I fit the tire back onto the bike and screwed the tire on and rode to work . 
Yesterday , I wanted to ride my bike because the weather was so nice . 
I got my bike out of the storage closet and noticed it had a flat tire . 
Since I do not have a spare tire , I had to fix it if I wanted to ride . 
I found my bike pump and patch kit . 
I pumped the tire and was able to locate the air leak . 
I took out the patch and applied it to the part of the tire that had the little leak . 
I then pumped the tire again . 
I had to be careful not to overfill the tire so the patch would n't pop off . 
Once I was sure the patch would n't come off , I made sure that I pumped the air into the tire sufficiently . 
I tested the tire by sitting on the bike and riding around a little . 
The tire seemed to hold , so I was ready to go on my bike ride . 
It was such a nice day and I had a great day riding my bike . 
Two weeks ago , I called the beauty salon and made an appointment to get a hair cut . 
Today is the day to go get my hair cut , and I was pretty excited . 
I walked in and talked to the receptionist . 
She told me it would be a few minutes , so I went to sit down . 
While I was waiting , I thumbed through some of the magazines in the waiting area to get ideas of how I wanted my hair cut . 
A few minutes later , the stylist called me back to sit in her chair . 
We talked about the weather while she washed and shampooed my hair . 
She took a comb and started to comb the tangles out of my hair . 
The shampoo made my hair smell really nice , and I complemented her on the choice . 
She asked what style of hair cut I wanted . 
I told her I had decided on a bob . 
She started to go to work . 
She sectioned my hair off with clips and started to trim it with her scissors . 
I have to admit that every time I get a hair cut , I get a little nervous . 
There is always the chance of not being happy with the end result , but my stylist reassured me that she had years of experience and she would ask periodically if I thought the length was getting to short . 
A few minutes later , we both agreed that the length was right . 
She finished the cut , and I went under the hair dryer for awhile . 
I read some more magazines , since I could n't hear to talk with anyone . 
When I was finished I went up front to the receptionist and paid for my hair cut . 
It was a nice , relaxing day . 
I was very excited to go on a train trip . 
I went over to the ticket counter and gave the teller the money I had saved for my ticket . 
I could hardly wait until the train finally arrived . 
I climbed aboard , put my suitcases next to all the other people 's suitcases , and found a seat . 
Once the train started going , the conductor came by to punch everyone 's tickets . 
I gladly handed him mine to be punched . 
After that , I decided I would get some lunch . 
I walked to the back of the train to the lunch car and ordered some food . 
It was fun to eat while watching the world pass by through the window as the train rolled down the tracks . 
Before I knew it , we had arrived at the destination . 
I gathered up my things , grabbed my suitcase , and climbed down out of the train as the conductor gave me a hand . 
It had been a very fun trip , and I ca n't wait to ride again . 
Today I decided to visit one of my friends that I have n't seen in a very long time . 
They just moved into a new apartment and they invited me over . 
They gave me their address but I was n't sure how to get there by train . 
The first thing I did when I got to the train station was see what train goes to their neighborhood . 
After I figured that out , I made sure I had enough money on my metro card to pay the train fare . 
After going through the turnstile I waited on the train platform for the train to enter the station . 
I quickly found a seat on the train since not to many people were on it . 
After about 25 minutes I finally arrived at the stop I was supposed to get off at . 
I walked up the stairs and exited the train station and walked 2 blocks away to where my friend lives . 
He was happy to see me . 
My sons Todd 's hair seemed to grow at an exceptionally fast rate compared to other four year olds . 
It seemed as if every single week he needed a hair cut . 
He would fret every time he knew we were going and even threw tantrums . 
But once we get there things seemed to be smoother with him . 
We would grab a seat and wait for our favorite barber to get an opening . 
As soon as he did Todd would run up to him and sit in the chair knowing he would get ice cream if he sat still . 
The barber draped a piece of plastic around Todd 's shoulder so that hair would n't get on his clothes . 
The sound of the hair clippers tiny motor always had my boy on edge but he always sticks it out like a champ . 
Fifteen minutes later a brand new child walks out of the barber shop ; clean shaven and ready for a cool yummy treat . 
I needed to learn about gardening and was n't sure where to start . 
A friend of mine recommended a book . 
I decided to check it out from the local library . 
I walked to the library . 
Inside there was a computer to look up where books are located . 
I typed in the name of the book I was looking for and it showed me the call number , a unique number used to tell where the book is located in the library . 
I wrote the call number down and looked at the stacks of books . 
Each stack had a range of numbers printed on a card taped to the side of the bookshelf . 
I looked for my call number on the printed cards on the side of the bookshelves , then searched the books until I found the one I was looking for . 
I brought the book up to the front of the library . 
The librarian took my library card and scanned it and my book with a special scanner . 
She gave me a piece of paper inside the book that said I needed to bring it back within 2 weeks . 
I brought the book home and read it , then brought it back to the librarian . 
Last night I took a bath . 
First , I plugged the bath drain . 
Then , I filled the bathtub with warm water . 
I poured some bubble bath mixture into the tub while the bath was filling so that my bath would have bubbles . 
. 
I then got undressed . 
When the bath was full , I turned off the water and climbed into the warm tub . 
I felt very relaxed as I lay in the warm bubble bath . 
I shut my eyes for a moment to enjoy the sensation . 
I then washed my hair , lathering the shampoo into my hair , then rinsing it off in the bath water . 
Next , I washed my whole body with a bar of soap . 
When I was completely clean , I stepped out of the bath and wrapped a towel around myself . 
I wrapped a second towel around my hair to keep it from dripping everywhere . 
I then unplugged the bath drain to let the water drain out of the tub . 
Riding a public bus is a good way to get around a city . 
If I am traveling in a big city , I think it 's easier to take the bus than depend on my car . 
In Chicago , I can get anywhere in the city more quickly and inexpensively using public transit . 
First , I look online to find the stop nearest to where my hotel is . 
Then I plan out the stops i want to make . 
Maybe I am going to a museum or the zoo . 
I find the bus routes that go where I want to go . 
I go to the bus stop and wait for the bus to come along . 
Then I hop on and pay my fare . 
I like to sit by the window and get a good glimpse of the city I am in . 
Sometimes I will even see something that catches my eye and I will get off before I planned ! 
When it 's time for me to depart , I pull the cord and let the driver know I want to get off . 
Then I get off at the next opportunity and continue on with my day without needing to deal with parking ! 
Riding a public bus is n't something I look forward to doing . 
When I was a teenager some friends convinced me that it would be fun to jump on a bus and ride around . 
Having done so , I disagree , it is n't fun . 
However , for some people the bus is the only mode of transportation available . 
Riding the bus does require a little research . 
You have to know which line you are riding , whether it is an express or whether it will be making many stops . 
You must also have the appropriate amount of fare ready to pay . 
Once on board the bus , it 's best to find a hopefully clean seat nearby a normal looking person . 
Since bus fare is quite cheap and anyone can use it , they do tend to attract undesirable types , so it 's best to be aware of that fact and watch yourself and your belongings closely . 
Listen and watch to make sure you do n't miss your stop , since busses do get crowded and you do n't want to miss it . 
Last year I visited my friend across the country . 
I live in California and he lives in North Carolina . 
I knew that I was n't going to drive all that way ; I needed a more efficient option . 
I decided to start looking up how much a flight would cost . 
I researched what airlines provided flights from the airport nearest to where I live . 
I then had to decide when exactly I wanted to fly there and back , as some days can be cheaper than others . 
We settled on the dates that worked best for both of us , and I booked the cheapest flight I could find for a round-trip ticket . 
When it was time for my trip , I packed my bags and coordinated with a friend to give me a ride to the airport . 
My friend picked me up early enough so that by the time we got to the airport , I would be about an hour and a half early for my flight . 
I then had to check in and go through security . 
Because I only had one small suitcase , I did not have to check my bags . 
I waited in the terminal for my flight to arrive , reading a book to pass the time . 
When the plane landed from the previous flight , I also had to wait for those passengers to unload . 
They began calling different sections to board , and mine was one of the last ones . 
I easily found my seat and stowed my suitcase in the compartment above . 
I was sitting in the middle row , and the other two passengers next to me were already in their seats . 
When I got seated , I went ahead and buckled my seat belt and awaited take off . 
The flight attendants had to make all their checks and when it was time to go , we also had an overview of the emergency procedures . 
I did n't have too much room between myself and the seat in front of me , but there was a little tray on the back of that seat which I put down to use to hold the drink I ordered later . 
I made small talk with the passengers next to me and we shared our travel plans . 
It was overall a decent flight , and we made good time and arrived with no issues . 
We were running out of milk , so I made a list of other groceries we needed and drove to the store . 
I picked out a cart and went down the produce aisle first , picking out bananas and strawberries as I went . 
Lettuce , carrots , and zucchini were next on the list . 
I wanted to buy ice cream , but was afraid it would melt , so I passed the freezer aisle and went straight for the bread . 
It 's nice to have good fresh bread for sandwiches , is n't it ? 
Then came the cereal aisle . 
Oatmeal would make a good change for breakfast . 
Next came the dairy section : yogurt , cheese , butter and eggs were all on the list along with the milk that brought me to the store . 
Almost done , I swung back to the freezer aisle to grab that ice cream . 
Mmm , they had pralines and cream , yummy ! 
My classmates and I needed to plant a nice tree in front of the new school building that was just built this year . 
I wanted to find a tree that would last a quite long time . 
We found a nice pine tree that was just large enough to be a foot . 
We dug a nice hole in the ground , and insured the soil was the proper type to accept a tree of this size . 
It had to be nice and soft , and in a safe location where kids wo n't trample over it . 
I dug the hole about 4 '' '' deep and insured it was wide enough for the tree . 
We planted the tree and began to fill in the surrounding area of it with soil to make sure it would hold in place as perfect as possible . 
The tree looked perfect and was ready to withstand the first school year outside the new building . 
Today I decided to go grocery shopping . 
I made a list detailing what I needed to buy , then decided to go to the discount grocery store where I could get everything on my list in one stop . 
I drove to the store , and parked near the front . 
I grabbed a basket and went inside . 
The first thing I saw was the muffins that were on my list . 
They were by the front door , so I picked some out and put them in my basket . 
I also needed peanut butter , which was at the back of the store . 
I went to the back and chose my favorite peanut butter . 
The last thing I needed was bread . 
I walked down the middle of the store looking down each aisle to see if I saw anything that I forgot to put on my list . 
I did n't see anything I needed , but had to resist the temptation to buy some ice cream . 
Once I got to the front of the store , I picked out a loaf of bread and went to stand in line to check out . 
It was busy , but a new line was just opening up , so I was able to get near the front of the line . 
The cashier rang me up and I paid with my debit card . 
I put my groceries in a paper bag . 
Then I left the store and drove home . 
Yesterday I planted a tree . 
First I went to a nursery . 
A nursery is a place where they have , flowers , plants , shrubs and trees . 
I chose a sapling - a young tree - paid for it and put in in the back of my pickup truck . 
When I got home I got a shovel out of my shed and dug a hole where I wanted to tree to grow , making sure it was n't too near my house . 
I dug the hole about two feet deep , a little bigger than the root ball on the bottom of my tree . 
Once I had the hole dug , I dropped the tree in , making sure the trunk was straight . 
I cut the burlap surrounding the root ball , and then filled in the space around the tree with the dirt I had dug out earlier . 
Finally , I grabbed a garden hose and watered the tree , making sure to give it a good soaking . 
The tree should give us pleasure for years to come . 
For my first time flying in an airplane I ca n't say that I was too scared . 
I mean what could be so scary about being in a plane . 
I was pumped and ready for my first flight . 
But first things first , I had to pack my suitcase . 
With this finished and my plane ticket purchased online -LRB- boy that 's convenient -RRB- I began the long wait for departure day . 
When It came I rushed to the airport in my car , maybe a little too fast according to the driver who honked and put up a very rude message with one of his fingers . 
Whatever , nothing can deter me from this flight . 
I arrive at the airport and get processed . 
I jump on my plane and wait for departure . 
This is the moment I 've been waiting on . 
And then we set off . 
And once I look out the window I am terrified , I should have never done this . 
The flight takes a couple hours and then I am good . 
But I realized one thing . 
Plane 's are actually terrifying . 
Thursday was my friend Tony 's birthday . 
It was also the day before Passover , which starts an eight-day stretch when he wo n't be able to eat a lot of foods , including foods with leavening agents and confectioner 's sugar . 
That meant no cake for Tony after Thursday , so I thought it would be a nice treat to make him a cake for that day . 
He has very simple tastes , and likes white vanilla cake with butter cream frosting . 
I did n't have any of the ingredients on hand except for vanilla , eggs , baking soda , and baking powder , so I had to go to the store to get flour , sugar , and the rest of the things that would go into the cake . 
When I got home , I mixed the ingredients in a bowl , first sifting the dry ingredients together , and then beating in the butter , eggs , and sugar . 
I baked the cake at 350 degrees for 25 minutes , then took it out of the oven , let it cool , and frosted it . 
The cake was delicious , and Tony was very touched by the effort . 
I recently made a cake for a friend to thank them for helping me with something . 
Since I knew that they liked chocolate cake the best , I looked in my cookbook for a good recipe to follow . 
I soon found one that looked tasty and I had all of the ingredients on hand , since that 's the first thing that I do before committing to a recipe , since I do n't want to have to run to the store in the middle of making something . 
I set the oven to the appropriate temperature , after being sure to double check it . 
From my cabinets I grabbed out the flour , sugar and other dry ingredients that the recipe called for and measured them out by using my food scale . 
I grabbed some eggs and butter out the fridge too . 
Then I followed along with the recipe and added the ingredients , in order , to my mixer . 
I turned it on its lowest setting and let it all mix until it was well blended . 
I next took out the proper sized pan and greased it with the butter wrapper . 
Then I turned off the mixer and slowly added the batter to my pan . 
The whole thing went in the preheated over and I set a timer . 
When it went off later , I poked the cake with a toothpick and it came out clean , so that meant that the cake was done . 
I pulled it out and set it out to cool for a while . 
Later in the evening , I used premade frosting , since that 's what my friend likes the most , and frosted the cake . 
It came out looking pretty good . 
Today I went grocery shopping . 
I do most of my grocery shopping at Wal-Mart . 
Unlike most people , I do n't make a list - I just grab my wallet and think about what I need , and run to the next bus and go ! 
Once I 'm there , I made sure I got the essentials : milk , cereal , meats , things to make meals with meats , et cetera . 
I had some leftover money as well , so I grabbed some fun stuff too : frozen pizza , ice cream for dessert , and a few big bottles of soda . 
After that , I got in line at self-checkout , scanned and bagged everything , and paid with my debit card . 
After that , I hauled my groceries outside to wait for the bus home , stopping to check the time . 
I played some hand-held video games for about 5 minutes at the bus stop and getting on . 
Once I was a block away from home , I got off the bus and carried my groceries in , putting cold things in the fridge , frozen things in the freezer , and everything else in the cabinets . 
Phew . 
What a chore ! 
On the weekend I planted an apple an apple tree . 
first , I put on gardening gloves to protect my hands . 
Next , I used a small shovel to dig a hole in a patch of dirt in my backyard . 
I then took an apple seed and placed it inside the hole . 
Next , I took the soil that I had dug out earlier and placed it on top of the seed , creating a thin layer of soil on top of the seed . 
I then took my watering can over to the water hose and used the hose to fill the can up with water . 
When the can was full , I brought it back over to the patch of dirt where the apple seed was planted , and I gently poured the water from the watering can onto the patch of dirt , watering my newly-planted apple seed . 
I thought happily about how exciting it will be when my tiny apple seed grows into a huge apple tree . 
Yesterday I found a great recipe for a chocolate cake with peanut butter swirls . 
I went to the store to buy all the ingredients . 
I had to get eggs , sugar , milk and peanut butter . 
I got out a big mixing bowl and mixed all the ingredients up with a big wooden spoon . 
I preheated the oven while I was mixing everything together . 
I had to wait a few minutes for the oven to be ready for the concoction sitting on my counter . 
I poured the batter into a cake pan and licked the spoon . 
I put the pan into the oven and waited 25 minutes . 
It smelled incredible while it was baking . 
I tested the moisture of the cake by sticking a toothpick into the middle . 
It was perfect . 
I let the cake cool for 30 minutes and then cut it into pieces . 
I shared it with my family and we all agreed it was one of the tastiest cakes we 've ever eaten . 
My family and I began by going through the gruesome experience of the airport . 
2 hours later we were finally on the plane and ready to take off . 
We put on our seat belts and got mentally prepared for the flight ahead . 
Fortunately we were going to Disney World and were all ecstatic for the experience that was to come . 
The problem is that my brother has a major fear of heights and airplanes , and I had to sit by him . 
I told him not to watch the movies about airplanes crashing , but he never listens and frightens himself more with each scene . 
The pilot and flight attendants do a great job at catering to everyone 's needs . 
The pilot keeps the plane steady with very little turbulence making a easy and safe ride for all . 
We arrive at our destination and after a bumpy landing we have arrived in Florida and are ready to go to Disney World ! 
After a long day of work , I was very sore and tired . 
I had stood for five hours straight and was constantly helping customers on the ground floor . 
Retail is difficult and it was painful for my feet because I often had to wear high heels everyday . 
When I finally got home from work , I put my stuff down and began to change into more comfortable attire . 
Once I did , I went to the bathroom and turned on the hot water to prepare my bath . 
While that happened , I washed my face and took the makeup off my face . 
Once I cleaned my face , I crawled into the shower and allowed the hot water to calm my body down and help me relax . 
I put shampoo on my hair and washed my hair and massaged my scalp . 
I then placed conditioner on my hair and lathered it all over my hair . 
I then washed it off and focused on washing my body . 
After washing my body , and rinsing off the soap suds , I simply let the hot water go all over my body and allowed it to help me relax . 
My car had broken down so I needed to take the public bus to work on Wednesday morning . 
First I looked on-line to see which bus I should take to get to McLean , and what bus stop was the closest to my home . 
The instructions were to go to Seven Corners shopping center , catch the 3A to Tyson Corner , and then transfer to the 18A to get within a block of my office . 
In the morning I walked up to the shopping center and waited until the bus came . 
I got on , paying the driver with change and dollar bills . 
I confirmed with the driver that this was the correct bus to go to Tyson Corner and transfer . 
I chose a seat near the front so I could make sure I did not miss my next stop . 
I transferred at Tyson Corner to the 18A , which took me within a block of my work place . 
Last night , I decided to take a bath . 
I chose to take a bath because I find it to be more relaxing at bed time than taking a shower . 
I put my hair up in a bun so it would stay dry . 
I stuck the stopper in the drain so the water would stay in the tub . 
I turned on the faucets and felt the water until I had the right temperature . 
I made the bath a little hot so it would n't get cold too fast . 
While the water was running , I took the bottle of bubble bath out of the closet . 
I opened it up and squirted a little bit of bubble bath under the running water so the water would get nice and foamy . 
I then took out a fresh towel and a loofah sponge . 
I stepped over the edge of the tub and sunk into the water slowly . 
The hot water felt so good on my skin and I instantly felt relaxed . 
I grabbed a bar of soap and rubbed some on my loofah before scrubbing down . 
After a good scrub , I soaked in the tub and relaxed for a good twenty minutes . 
Then I pulled the stopper out of the tub and sat there while the water went down . 
After the water was almost all gone , I very carefully stood up and blotted myself dry with a towel . 
Finally , I put on my bathrobe and headed to my room . 
Last month I went to Shag to get a haircut from my stylist , Bridgit . 
I like to have short hair so I told her she could do whatever she wanted to my hair . 
She shaved the sides and back and cut the top very close , then used thinning shears to thin out the top of my hair . 
After she was done cutting my hair , she led me to the hair washing station to get all the loose hairs off . 
She washed and conditioned my hair then took me back to her chair . 
She used a blow dryer to dry my hair and put product in to make it look shiny and stay in place . 
She gave me advice on how to best style it and then finished my hair with some hairspray . 
When she was done we went to the cash register so she could ring me up . 
I paid in cash and left a large tip because I liked the haircut a lot . 
I then left the salon . 
I wanted to read a new novel , but rather than buying it , I decided to borrow it from the library . 
When I arrived at the library , I was greeted by the friendly librarian who asked if I needed any help . 
I told her which book I was looking for and she quickly helped me find it . 
After she helped me find the book , I walked to the checkout counter with the book . 
I handed the librarian my library card , which she scanned with a scanner . 
She opened the book to find the bar code in the back cover and proceeded to scan it . 
The computer printed a receipt which told me that I had two weeks to return the book . 
I placed the receipt inside the front cover of the book and thanked the librarian for helping me find the book I was looking for . 
Yesterday my sons and I received an invitation from their grandmother in Reno to come for a visit . 
I do n't really like to fly on an airplane and I thought taking a train would be a great way for my young sons to see the country . 
So we went to the train station and bought train tickets . 
Then we went home and packed our suitcases for the journey . 
The next day we went to the train station an hour early from the departure time . 
We gave our tickets to the station attendant and went outside to the platform to wait for our train . 
The train pulled in just as we got out side . 
My sons were very excited to be going across the country by train . 
Then after the train had stopped , we go on board . 
The train went across the country and the landscape was beautiful ! 
Three days later we arrived in Reno and were met by their grandmother at the train station . 
I wanted to take a trip to Washington DC to visit the monuments . 
The quickest and cheapest way seemed to be by train . 
I purchased a ticket online and had a friend drop me at the station . 
Once at the station I gave my ticket to the agent . 
Then I went and sat in the lobby to wait for it to arrive . 
Once the train arrived I boarded and took my seat next to a window . 
The ride would take a few hours so I settled in with a book . 
I enjoyed watching the countryside pass when I got bored with the book . 
When I went to the bathroom I could n't get the door to bolt shut all the way . 
the train braked and the door slid open and I had to stand to re-shut it . 
A passenger next to the restroom saw my butt . 
It was embarrasing and I did n't leave my seat for the rest of the ride until we got to DC . 
My hair is getting to long for the warm weather that is arriving so I call the hair salon and make an appointment to have my haircut . 
The next day I go to the salon for my appointment , as I enter I was greeted and ask to have a seat and that they would be ready for me in a few minutes . 
My stylist comes over and asks me how I would like my haircut as we walk over to their station . 
I consider getting new style and we look over a few books that have photographs inside . 
I decide just to keep my original style and the stylist takes me over to the wash station and washes and conditions my hair . 
I go back to the chair where the stylist is stationed and she begins to cut my hair . 
It takes about 20 minutes for her to cut my hair and style and blow-dry my hair , but when she finishes I am very pleased with the way my hair looks . 
I tip the woman and thank her , then go to the counter to pay for my haircut . 
I thank them and leave the salon , feeling very happy and looking beautiful . 
Last week I decided that I wanted to get a haircut . 
I called my hairstylist and made an appointment to come in . 
On the day of my appointment I drove to the salon , checked in with the receptionist and sat down and looked through a magazine for a few minutes until the stylist came out and called my name . 
I followed her back to her booth where she sat me in a spinning chair in front of a mirror . 
She asked me questions about how I wanted my hair cut and I explained it to her . 
Then she took me to another chair in front of a small sink where she washed my hair . 
When she was done , she wrapped my hair in a towel and took me back to the spinning chair . 
She combed my hair and then began to cut it . 
Once she was done , she blow-dried my hair . 
I looked in the mirror and was very happy with my new haircut . 
I thanked her and gave her a tip , went back to the receptionist to pay for the haircut , then went back out to my car and drove home . 
I was riding by bicycle along the river trail this morning when I noticed that something did n't seem right . 
My front tire was n't as firm as it usually is , and the situation was getting worse . 
I stopped pedaling , got off the bike , and put my ear to the tire . 
I could hear a faint hissing sound . 
The tire was flat . 
Darn , I thought to myself . 
I was miles from home -- too far to walk back , and nowhere near a repair shop . 
Fortunately , I keep a patch kit that I bought at the local bike shop in my backpack . 
I took the backpack off , rummaged around inside for the repair kit , and grabbed it . 
It had been a year since I last used it , but I got the hang of it . 
I found the exact spot of the hole in the tire , patched it , and then re-inflated the tire . 
My hands were dirty , but I was able to ride home without any further trouble . 
I recently started biking to lose weight and for health . 
After a month of biking everyday , my bike hit a nail in the road which I think is pretty dangerous . 
What if a kid was playing ? 
I was pretty devastated . 
Because of the expenses with school , I would not be able to afford a new tire . 
So I thought to myself , maybe I can fix it . 
I resolved to fix it this Sunday , because I figured Friday and Saturday would be too busy . 
I 've never repaired a bike tire before . 
So I searched google for some tutorials . 
Turns out , I can just use a sticky material to cover the part that 's broken . 
I looked at various online store . 
No one seemed to have it . 
Just my luck . 
Then it occurred to me that maybe an automotive store would have it , and they did ! 
It was only $ 5 . 
Stuck it in and inflated my tire . 
It 's been working for months ever since ! 
I once had a flat tire on my bicycle . 
It was quite a surprise when it happened . 
I had been having a good time riding my bike along a trail and the air went right out of it . 
I proceeded to flip my bicycle over so it was standing on the handlebars and seat to inspect the damage . 
Once I had that accomplished I had to remove the wheel from the bike . 
This took a little bit and I needed some tools to finish this task . 
My bike has a tube in each tire to keep it inflated . 
Something had gone through the outer rubber and punctured that inner tube . 
I had to remove the outer rubber and find the spot on the inner tube where the hole was . 
Luckily I had a patch kit with me and was able to patch the tube once I found the hole . 
After waiting for the patch adhesive to set I put the wheel back together . 
Once the wheel was back on my bike I was off riding again . 
Sometimes , something happens that can really just ruin your day . 
Take , for example , going for a fun bicycle ride only to have the tire go flat ! 
When something like this happens , it can seem like a big deal , but is only a small inconvenience . 
I do n't even know how to repair a flat bicycle tire , but I know how I could do it myself . 
First , I would read about how to fix it and maybe look at a video from the internet . 
After I have learned how to repair it , I would go to the store to get some supplies . 
I would need the tools to fix it and a new tire or things to use for the repair . 
After arriving home , I would review the things I learned about how to repair the tire and I would follow the directions . 
Once it was repaired , I would test out the bicycle to make sure it was repaired and then I would clean up . 
Last Friday , I took an airplane flight to New York for a business trip . 
About two weeks before the trip , I went online and determined which airlines flew to New York , and how much it cost for each flight . 
After looking at all the possible flights , I decided to take the morning jetBlue flight , which was also the cheapest . 
I bought the ticket online with my credit card , and printed out a boarding pass on my printer . 
On Friday morning , I got up before sunrise and showered , then packed the items I would need for the trip into my small travel bag . 
I had just a few minutes to make a cup of coffee , then drove to the airport . 
I parked in the parking garage , then made my way to the terminal . 
First , I checked the flight information board to see if my flight was on-time , which it was , and to find the departure gate . 
Then I proceeded to security , waited in line , and then after clearing security , went to the boarding gate . 
I waited for only ten minutes , and they called for general boarding , so into the line I went , and the gate agent scanned my boarding pass as I entered the jetway . 
I was greeted by an attendant as I entered the plane , and I slowly made my way down the aisle to my seat , 16A . 
After stowing my bag in the overhead bin , I sat in my seat and buckled up . 
Soon after that , the door closed , we pushed back from the gate and the engines spooled up . 
We were in the air within 5 minutes , climbing to 35,000 feet through the clouds . 
I was able to get a cup of coffee during the short flight , and within 30 minutes , we were already beginning out descent . 
The attendant collected the empty coffee cup , and soon after we were touching down . 
It was a quick ride to the gate , seat belts off , and everybody got up , grabbing their luggage . 
After a slow crawl up the aisle , and a quick goodbye to the crew , I was out of the plane , walking up the jetway and out to the arrival gate . 
All in all , it was a pleasant flight . 
Once , when I was 12 , I had a flat bicycle tire . 
I had ridden over a nail and my tire was punctured and my tube popped . 
In order to fix it my brother took me the store so I could buy a patch to fix the tire . 
Once we got the patch , we went back to the house . 
In order to find the hole we filled the tub with water and put the tube in . 
We looked to see where bubbles came out ; where the bubbles came out told us where the hole was . 
Once we noted the location of the hole we took the tube out of the tub and dried it . 
To put on the patch we had to put a glue on the tube and then put on the patch . 
We held it there a few minutes to make sure it would stay , then we let it sit for an hour to make sure the glue would dry . 
To make sure it dried well we placed the tube out in the sun so the the heat could help it along . 
To be safe we waited a day . 
The next day we took the tube and put it back in the tire , then we put the tire on the wheel . 
My bike was good to ride again . 
I was having a nice bicycle ride on a sunny day . 
Something seemed off about my bike but it took me quite the while before I realized what had happened . 
At some point , one of my bike 's tires went flat . 
I got off at a safe stopping point away from the highway and turned my bicycle upside down . 
Sure enough , one of my tires was flat , the back tire specifically . 
This was why I always carried a small travel bag of tools . 
I set down the bag and began to work . 
First I took off my tire . 
There was a quick release which made it very easy to take off . 
I just moved a simple lever . 
Next , I used my tire lever to detach the tire from the rim . 
Before putting in a new tube from my bag , I filled it with just a little bit of air . 
Once it was set in place , I just put the tire back on and continued my trip . 
I have really long hair so I tend to trim my hair myself . 
If I need to go in to get it done , it 's because I need a really good trim . 
My hair goes all the way down almost to my butt , so I am very leery of letting other people mess with my hair . 
I will sit there and listen to them say how much they think needs to be trimmed and then tell them how much I want trimmed and it ends up somewhere in between . 
It is really annoying when you have long hair and want to keep it that way and the girl who chops it off just does n't understand some people happen to like having it really long . 
So , I usually avoid going and getting it cut , and just trim it myself . 
It 's easy , I know what I want , I wo n't chop it all off , and if I screw up I have no one to blame but myself . 
Although I keep my head mostly shaved very , very short I decided to get a haircut . 
Summer is fast approaching and the shorter the better to keep my old head nice and cool . 
I gathered the clippers , towel , a razor for the neck shave and awaited my wife to get home from her job . 
I always get her to cut my hair as she is really good at it albeit a tad slow getting it done . 
When she arrived she smiled when she saw the tools for a haircut gathered and got right to work . 
She placed the towel over my shoulders and proceeded to get to work with the clippers . 
Fine pieces of hair fell in the floor as she ran the clippers over my head . 
Then my neck was lathered up and the razor used to shave that area . 
A quick shower later and I felt like a new man . 
I have very long hair and rarely get it cut . 
Lately I noticed that my hair had split ends and needed a trim . 
The local beauty college has reasonable prices and has done a good job in the past when I have needed beauty services . 
I checked online to see their prices and hours of service and then made an appointment . 
Upon arriving I gave my name and waited a few minutes before I was introduced to my stylist . 
She asked what services I needed , and after I explained we got started . 
She washed my hair and conditioned it in a sink . 
She combed my hair and trimmed about 2 inches off the bottom and gave me a mirror to inspect her work . 
Because this is a beauty school she had the instructor check her work and make sure I was satisfied . 
She dried my hair and styled it . 
I paid and left a satisfied customer . 
Recently , I was heading to New York for a business trip with a co-worker . 
We prefer to ride on trains because they are cheaper and we can enjoy the scenery along the way . 
We arrive at the train station at 5:30 am , snacks and blankets in tow in our bags . 
We purchased our tickets the other day , so we did n't have to worry about going to a booth to buy any . 
We went up to the attendant who was taking the train tickets to allow people on board , and we handed him ours . 
We hopped onto the train and took our seats towards the back of the train so that we could discuss a lot of what we were going to say and do in the meetings for our trip without being distracted much . 
As we discussed our plans and strategies , we 'd occasionally look out the window and see lush trees and valleys , animals , plains , and all manner of environments as we traveled from state to state . 
We had to switch trains a few times at different stations , but the process was pretty smooth and it is always nice to hear that whistle and the ALL ABOARD ! 
When we arrived at our destination , we got off of the train , exited the train station , and made our way to 52nd Street in our rental car . 
When I took the train it was a lot of work . 
First I had to buy my ticket in advance , which I managed to do for 30 dollars . 
Next I had to figure out how I was going to get to my train , which I decided to do using the bus . 
After figuring that it would take thirty minutes for me to get to the train I decided to allow an hour and thirty minutes to be certain I would not miss it . 
This was a smart decision because I arrived with only 10 minutes to spare , being burdened by all my luggage . 
I presented my ticket to the conductor and got on . 
Then I spent the train ride reading some books that I had packed , sleeping , and looking at the scenery . 
While it was a lot of effort to take the train , in the end I found it to be an affordable and relaxing experience 
I decided to take the train to New York City with a friend to see a show and eat at some nice restaurants . 
First I checked the Amtrak schedule on-line to see when trains were leaving Union Station in Washington , D.C. to go to New York . 
Once I had picked out the time that suited me , I bought the tickets on-line and printed them out at home . 
My friend and I took a cab to Union Station and went to the ticket window with our pre-printed tickets . 
We waited for our train to come , and once it did we got on and got seated . 
The train ride was very relaxing and was a very fast way to get to New York City . 
We enjoyed lunch while we were riding . 
Once the train arrived at Grand Central Station in New York City we got off and hailed a cab to get to our hotel . 
I needed to read a book for my history class , so I decided to see if the local library had a copy . 
I went to the library 's website and searched for the book . 
I saw that they had it in stock , so I walked to the library . 
When I entered the library , I walked over to the front desk and told the librarian the name of the book I was looking for . 
He showed me where the book was and asked me if I 'd like to look for anything else . 
I said that would be all , so he took the book over to the front desk , and I followed . 
At the desk , he scanned the book and asked me if I had a library card . 
I said I did and showed him . 
He then scanned my card , handed me the book , and told me it would be due back in two weeks . 
Today I took a trip to the library . 
The library is so much fun because there are so many different books to see there . 
When I got to the library I walked up and down the aisles looking for the perfect book for me . 
I wanted to read a book about horses or basketball . 
I asked the librarian to help me find one . 
She looked on her computer and found a great book about horses but it had already been taken home by someone else . 
So she looked again and found a cool book about basketball . 
She went with me to the shelf and helped me find the book . 
After I got the book off of the shelf , I took it over to the counter and gave it to a lady behind the desk . 
She asked for my library card . 
I gave her the card and she scanned it and my book . 
Then she gave me a slip of paper that said I needed to bring the book back in two weeks . 
I was very excited to leave the library with a book to read about basketball ! 
This morning I decided to take a nice , long bath rather than rushing through the shower . 
I walked in and put a stopper in the bathtub drain , turning on a mix of hot and cold water and checking the temperature after a couple of seconds to make sure it was just right - I like my water a little bit hot , but not too hot ! 
After sitting and waiting for several minutes for the bathtub to fill , I turned it off and got in . 
After relaxing for a few minutes , I grabbed the body wash and rag I keep on the corner of the bathtub . 
I lathered it up and washed my arms , my legs , my back , and my front , letting the water in the tub rinse off any soap when I was done with a part . 
After that , I pulled the stopper and drained the tub , used the towel hanging in the bathroom to dry myself off , and put on a fresh , clean pair of clothes . 
Needing to go across town , I decided to take a public bus rather than drive . 
I had no bus tokens to pay for the fare so I walked to the bus station downtown and bought some . 
Then I got a bus schedule and looked for a bus that was going across town . 
I would be riding bus number 6 . 
So I went out to the platform where a lot of other people were waiting for their buses . 
I found where number 6 stopped and got in the line . 
When the bus came I had my token out and ready to deposit in the fare collection box . 
Then I went and found a seat . 
I was going to sit next to a woman that looked like she was going to work . 
The bus meandered through the city and finally got me to my destination . 
First I run plug the bath and run the hot water . 
Then I take off my jacket and socks . 
Next I take off my shirt and pants . 
Finally I take off my underwear . 
I am completely naked . 
One the bath is full I enter it . 
Usually it is a bit hot for me at first so I go in slowly . 
Once I 'm in I lie down and think about what happened to me during the day , the things I did , and what I plan on doing tomorrow . 
Then I soap myself up , scrub myself down and make sure that I am nice and clean . 
When I get out I use that shower to rinse myself off and drain the bathwater . 
Then I grab a towel and use it to dry the water off of my body . 
Taking a bath is one of the most relaxing moments of my day . 
I enjoy it a lot . 
As a young male I never envisioned myself baking a cake . 
Of course I also did n't think I would have a girlfriend whom preferred homemade gifts over anything else . 
Well here goes nothing I think , as I head to the supermarket to get what I need . 
The first thing I get is the cake mix , then I use it to figure out what exactly it is that I need for the other ingredients . 
I get all the ingredients I need and am actually starting to look forward to baking this cake . 
I arrive home and preheat the oven . 
I look at the instructions on the back of the cake mix and then begin to mix stuff . 
When the cake is finally ready and in a pan I place it in the oven . 
After it is out I put the words happy birthday on the cake with icing . 
Someone is getting laid today . 
My younger brother was turning twenty-one last month , and the family decided on a trip to Las Vegas . 
We packed our things , and had our grandmother drive us to the airport . 
We had already purchased tickets online , so we went straight to the gates to find the waiting area for out flight . 
The TSA conducted a minor inspection of out belongings , everything turned out just fine . 
We waited close to fifteen minutes before we were called up for boarding the plane . 
After finding our seats on the passenger jet , we were instructed by the flight attendants what we needed to do in case of emergency , and well as show us how to use out seat belts correctly . 
We were instructed to turn off out electrical devices during take off . 
Before we knew it , we were in the sky , thousands of feet above the earth 's surface . 
The flight did not have any issues with turbulence . 
A few weeks ago , I flew in an airplane to visit my brother in Tampa , Florida , which is a thousand miles from me . 
I had bought my ticket six weeks earlier on the internet , and had packed my bags the night before . 
The weather in Tampa is very warm , so I packed all summer clothes even though it was still winter . 
On the day of my flight , I arrived early so that I would have time to go through the security line , where they made me take off my shoes and my belt , and put my bag through the x-ray machine . 
An airline worker made an announcement when it was time for us to board the flight . 
We went to our assigned seats , put our bags in the overhead compartments , and then buckled in . 
During the flight , I watched a movie on my Kindle and got a Coke zero from the flight attended . 
When the flight landed , my brother was waiting for me outside the airport . 
Last summer I decided it would be a fantastic idea to visit my friend on the other side of the country . 
Normally I might drive , as I do n't mind driving , but I was on a tight schedule with work and needed to keep the trip short . 
I decided I needed to fly . 
I visited an airline price comparing website , and ultimately chose to book a flight from Charlotte where I lived to San Francisco where my friend lived . 
The airline was a well known carrier , American , and the round trip fare was phenomenal at only $ 150 . 
What a deal ! 
After I booked the flight , I was emailed a boarding pass to print out . 
The day of the flight I brought my luggage and boarding pass with me to the airport . 
Inside the airport , I visited the ticket counter to present my boarding pass and luggage . 
My luggage was checked-in for a small fee , leaving me free to board the plane without having to carry the burden of all that weight . 
I had to wait through a security line and get checked for illegal items before proceeding to the gate . 
This process took about 20 minutes . 
Once at the gate I showed my boarding pass again and walked onto the plane . 
I was directed towards my assigned seat in the economy class cabin . 
After a few more minutes the plane pushed back and began taxiing to the runway . 
During this time other passengers and myself were instructed to buckle our seat belts and watch a safety demonstration on what to do in the event of an in-flight emergency . 
We then took off , climbed to about 34,000 feet , and roamed the skies westward . 
I slept for the remainder of the flight . 
Upon waking up the plane was just touching down . 
It was a very quick flight , only 5 hours . 
I stepped off the plane and walked to baggage pickup . 
When my bags came around the belt , I picked them up and walked outside , where my friend was waiting for me . 
All in all it was a fun and painless journey . 
I would definitely do it again . 
Yesterday I went grocery shopping . 
Before I left the house , I made sure I had my shopping list , my wallet , and my reusable shopping bags with me . 
I then walked to my local grocery store . 
When I entered the store , I picked up a shopping basket near the entrance . 
I then looked at my shopping list to see what I needed to buy . 
I walked through the aisles , selecting the items I had written on my shopping list and placing them in my shopping basket . 
When I had everything I needed , I lined up at the checkout . 
When it was my turn , I handed my shopping basket and my reusable shopping bags to the lady working at the checkout . 
She scanned my items , and another man placed all my items in my shopping bags . 
When everything had been scanned , the lady told me how much my groceries cost , and I handed her the correct amount of money . 
I then picked up my bags and left the store . 
I wanted to plant an apple tree in my yard . 
I thought that my children would enjoy the apples for many years to come . 
After picking the perfect tree and bringing it home , I backed my car into the area that I wanted to plant the tree in . 
I unloaded the tree and waled to my garage and got a shovel and pulled the garden hose over to the tree . 
I dug a very large hole and filled it with water . 
I unwrapped the burlap from around the root ball of the tree and placed the tree into the hole . 
I filled the hole back in with dirt and patted the soil down firmly . 
I watered the soil around the base of the tree . 
I will now wait to enjoy fresh crisp apples from my apple tree , hoping that my hard work is worth it . 
I planted a tree for Arbor Day last year . 
The first thing I did was decide where I want to plant my tree and I chose a nice spot in my backyard . 
Then I decided what kind of tree I wanted . 
I thought a shady tree would be nice in that spot , so I went to a tree place called a nursery and picked out a nice young tree called a sapling and I loaded into the back of my truck to take home . 
Once I was at home again , I got my shovel and dug a hole in the right spot in the backyard . 
Then I unwrapped the trees roots and very , very carefully place the tree into the hole . 
The roots at the bottom are called a root ball and is made of the roots and dirt that protects the roots . 
I was very careful not to knock the dirt off so the roots would n't be damaged . 
Once the root ball was settled into the hole and the tree was standing up straight , I filled the hole up with dirt again and then watered the tree . 
My tree is healthy and growing because I was careful with it . 
I looked into my fridge and realized that I was out of food . 
I was so hungry . 
I decided that despite the fact that it was raining outside , I was going to go to the super market to buy food . 
I drove my car to the nearest supermarket , which was about ten minutes away . 
Once inside I took a shopping cart because I knew I was going to stockpile food . 
I first went to get breakfast food . 
This included eggs , bacon , milk , cereal , cereal bars and fruit such as bananas and apples . 
Next I went to food I would usually eat for lunch . 
This included pasta , tomato sauce , mac and cheese , ramen , salad ingredients and perhaps some snacks . 
I also got a pound of Boar 's head turkey and bread . 
I then went to pick up a few slabs of steak , pork and chicken because I like to eat big dinners . 
Next , I went to the ice cream aisle and picked up my favorite rocky road ice cream for when I crave sweets . 
Overall it was a good experience , everything cost me about 120 but I got 10 percent off with my discount card . 
I decided to bake a chocolate cake yesterday . 
First , I consulted my recipe book and found the recipe I wanted to use . 
Next , I looked through my kitchen and made sure that I had all the ingredients that I needed for my cake . 
I did have them , so I began to pull them all out . 
I preheated the oven , and greased a cake pan . 
I mixed up all of the ingredients in a big mixing bowl . 
I poured the mixture carefully into the cake pan . 
I carefully placed it into the oven and set the timer according to the recipe . 
While the cake was baking , I cleaned up the mess in the kitchen . 
Then I made chocolate frosting to go on the cake . 
The timer buzzed , I pulled the cake out of the oven and saw that it was done . 
I set it out to cool . 
Once it was cool , I took the frosting I had just made and frosted the cake . 
The cake was complete and I served it to my family for dessert after dinner that night . 
Last night , I made a grocery list and went shopping . 
To make a list , I go through my cabinets and refrigerator and write down things that I am out of . 
These are always the same things like coffee and milk . 
Then I thought of some recipes I wanted to make . 
I wrote down pasta shells , ricotta cheese , Parmesan cheese , spinach , and tomato sauce . 
I am going to make stuffed shells this week ! 
When I got to the store , I got my reusable bags out of the car . 
Using no plastic bags is a great way to help the environment . 
Since I went to the store around 8 p.m. , it was n't very crowded . 
I could relax as I moved my way from produce , dry goods , and then dairy . 
I saw a huge display of Easter candy because it is March and the holiday is coming up . 
I was so tempted to buy a lot of chocolate but I did n't . 
I only try to get treats once in awhile . 
Finally , I went to the front check out . 
The cashier was nice and the bagger was happy to use my own bags . 
I got home and put everything away . 
Now I ca n't wait to make my stuffed shells for dinner ! 
Me and my friend decided we would bake a cake for our best friends birthday as opposed to purchasing it from a bakery like we usually do . 
First we headed out to the grocery store to pick up our baking supplies . 
My friend took care of the appliances and pans while I handle the flour , sugar , frosting , and eggs . 
When we arrived home we cleaned our utensils and began to bake the cake . 
First we started by pouring the cake batter in the bowl and cracking two eggs into the powder . 
Next we beat the mixture with a mixer until it was a creamy texture . 
We added the sugar , the flour , and the chocolate for an extra boost of flavor . 
Finally Our cake was nice and mixed so we set the oven to three hundred fifty degrees and baked the cake . 
While the cake was baking my friend prepared the homemade vanilla frosting . 
After an hour we took the cake out of the oven and were met with an amazing aroma . 
We decorated the cake with our homemade vanilla frosting and placed the cake in a glass cover so that it would remain fresh for our friend that night . 
I was planning a relaxing vacation at the beach . 
There was only one problem : I did n't live anywhere near a beach ! 
Driving to one in a car would take up too much of my fun vacation time . 
I had to buy tickets for an airplane ride , which would take much less time because airplanes go very fast . 
I went to the website of my local airport and found the available planes traveling to the city where I wanted to go at the time I was going on vacation and bought a ticket . 
The planes were ready to fly only at certain times . 
When it came time to go on my trip , I packed up my suitcases , drove to the airport before my plane was ready to fly , and parked my car . 
Inside the airport , I had to go through a long line for security , so that they can make sure there are no dangerous items being taken on the plane . 
The workers looked inside my suitcases with an X-Ray machine and checked the clothing I was wearing to make sure I was safe , too . 
When I was all done in security , I had to find the gate for my plane , where it would be ready to pick me and other passengers up . 
When it was time to board the plane , the stewardess helped me find my assigned seat and put my suitcase in the compartment above me . 
I buckled my seat belt and waited for the plane to take off . 
When all the passengers were on board , the stewardess explained what to do in an emergency , and the plane began to move . 
It became very noisy and all of a sudden , outside the window , I could see the ground get farther away . 
I felt like my body was being pushed against my seat a little bit . 
After a few minutes , the plane stopped going up and the stewardess told us we could take our seat belts off . 
She offered us drinks from a cart , and I was able to read a book I brought on the plane . 
I knew the ride would last a fair amount of time , so I made sure I had something to do . 
After a few hours , the captain explained on the intercom that we were arriving in the city . 
He told us to buckle our seat belts again , and the plane gently came closer to the ground . 
Finally , I felt a bump as the plane arrived at the airport in the new city . 
My plane ride was over , and my beach vacation was beginning . 
I parked my car at the airport parking lot . 
I boarded a shuttle bus that took me to the airline departures . 
I headed in the airport with my suitcase . 
Found the proper line for my airline , and stood in line waiting with a lot of other passengers . 
When I got up to the desk , I checked my luggage in and was given a boarding pass for my flight . 
I then walked over to the security line to get into the airport terminal . 
I waited in line for a long time . 
I showed a TSA agent my driver 's license and boarding pass . 
I then had to take off my shoes and put all my belongings on a belt to be x-rayed . 
Then I walked through a metal detector and the TSA agent motioned for me to move on . 
I gathered up my belongings , put my shoes back on and found my gate . 
I waited with the other passengers until it was time to board the airplane . 
We then walked in a line through the doors , down a long hallway , and into the airplane . 
On the airplane I found my seat . 
The airplane taxied down the runway and took off . 
After a long while , the flight attendant passed out beverages and snacks to everyone . 
I drank my beverage , ate my snack and fell asleep . 
When I woke up we were landing . 
We had to taxi down the runway and wait until a gate was available . 
Once the airplane had stopped , the signal came on that we could take our seat belts off and get up . 
The doors open and we all exited off the plane . 
I like taking a bath instead of a shower sometimes . 
I start by closing the drain at the bottom of the tub . 
Some tubs have a stopper and some have a thing you push down to close it . 
After it 's closed I like to run both hot and cold water to make warm water and then I let the tub fill up to about a hand 's height from the top of the tub . 
While the water is running , I squirt in bubbles and make sure I have a clean washcloth and towel . 
After I carefully climb into the tub , I make sure I wash my whole body with the soap and washcloth , even behind my ears and between my toes . 
Then I can either soak and relax in the tub or I can play with toys . 
Fun toys for the bathtub are boats and plastic water animals like whales and ducks . 
Once the water starts to turn a little cold , it 's time to get out so I open the drain again and let the water empty out . 
While it 's draining I carefully stand up and reach for my towel to dry off . 
I always be sure the tub is clean when I 'm finished , with toys and the dirty washcloth put where they belong . 
I wanted to go to San Francisco from my home in San Jose and I did n't feel like driving . 
I looked online and found a bus route from here to there that was leaving in just about 30 minutes . 
I walked out of my house to the bus stop and got on it . 
It was a very empty bus and I stared out of the window at the scenery . 
The bus driver was very nice and asked me how my day was . 
We spoke for the whole entire ride and after a short time , we arrived into San Francisco . 
It was very pleasant not having to drive and it was a very smooth ride on the bus . 
Luckily , there was n't much traffic so we got there in a very short time frame . 
After getting to the bus stop , the driver opened his doors for me and wished me a great day . 
I did the same and stepped off of the bus . 
it was a very easy and fun experience . 
I live near the city of Santa Cruz and often take the 17X bus to the nearby city of San Jose . 
It 's possible to get discount fares by paying for multiple rides in advance , but I usually pay cash , five dollars for one-way . 
I get to my small town 's transit center early on weekday mornings , because the bus fills up quickly , and most good seats are already taken by riders who started their trip in downtown Santa Cruz . 
We wait in line in civilized fashion . 
Some people need only show the driver their pass , some shove a five-dollar bill into the fare machine efficiently . 
But some fumble with small coins or ask other riders for change , which makes everyone in line restive . 
Once on , riders can choose seats grouped around small tables , seats facing forward , or seats facing sideways . 
Table seats are premium , since the bus has WiFi and many people bring laptops . 
Others prefer seats in the back where the roughnecks are , just like in high school . 
My little town is the last stop before highway 17 . 
The bus whips along amid the pine trees and the yellow-flowered acacia that blooms this time of year . 
It is pleasant not to have to keep your eyes on the road . 
Unspoken bus etiquette decrees that strangers do n't speak to each other , but of course some people know each other and chat . 
Many tap away on their machines or play video games , others read books or enjoy the ride . 
It ends at San Jose 's train station , where passengers can transfer to the San Francisco train , or take a rattling inferior 1-hour bus ride to Fremont to catch the BART mass transit line to Oakland , Richmond , or distant Pittsburg , where the California Delta begins . 
I had just watched a movie , and saw that it had been based on a book . 
Since I liked the movie , I wanted to read the book and went to the library in my neighborhood to see if they had it . 
In the library the books were separated into fiction and non-fiction areas . 
Since the story was about something that happened in real life , it would be in the non-fiction area . 
If it were a make-believe story , it would have been in the fiction section . 
The person who wrote the book had a last name that began with S. I began looking on the shelves for authors with the last name that began with S. All the books were in alphabetical order according to the authors last name . 
I found the book I was looking for and took it off the shelf . 
I brought it to the desk where the librarian was and gave her the book . 
She asked me for my library card , which gives me permission to borrow books . 
She entered my information into her computer so she would know who borrowed the book . 
She told me the book would be due back in the library in two weeks . 
If I did n't bring it back by then , I would have to pay the library money for every day the book was late . 
I did n't want to have any late fees , so I made sure I brought it back on time . 
Since the book belonged to the library , I took good care of it so others could enjoy the book when they borrowed it . 
Taking the train is an efficient method of transportation to get from place to place . 
Before taking the train , I will make sure my transit card has enough fare on it . 
This can be checked at the ticketing machines . 
If I am low , I will top-up the card with more money . 
Once this is all set , I will head towards the gate to scan my transit card . 
The gates will open and the fare will be collected . 
Usually I already know where I need to go , but in case I do not know . 
I will check the many maps posted around the station . 
Knowing which direction the train heads towards is the most important thing as you do n't want to waste time going the wrong way . 
Once this is determined , I will head towards the train platform and wait until the train arrives . 
Once the train is here , I am all set and I will board the train and get off at my destination . 
Last summer , I got to visit my grandma in Seattle ! 
I took a train to visit her . 
In advance , I called the train station to see when the trains would be going to Seattle and how much the tickets would cost . 
I chose a day and arrived at the train station 1 hour before my train was scheduled to leave . 
There was a ticket counter in the station . 
I walked up the counter and bought my ticket from a lady behind the counter . 
After I got my ticket , I needed to wait for the train to board passengers . 
I sat on a big wooden bench inside the train station . 
When it was time to get on the train , the doors opened and a ticketperson took each of our tickets as we got on the train . 
We got to choose our seats . 
I choose a window seat and put my bags in the compartment nearby . 
Partway through the ride , a train employee came by with snacks and drinks . 
I looked out the window and read a book . 
When we arrived in Seattle , I grabbed my bags from the baggage compartment , exited the train , and hugged my waiting grandma ! 
Brandons hair was long . 
It flopped in his eyes . 
It blew it in the wind . 
He was annoyed at school when he had to push it out of the way to see his paper . 
So him and his mommy decided to go see the barber . 
Brandon loved the barber and his silly jokes and chit chat . 
He liked listening to the men talk . 
When Brandon got to the barber he lead him to the hair washing sink . 
He sat him in the chair that tilted back into the sink and laid back as the barber washed his hair . 
The water was just right , Never too hot or cold . 
Next they walked over to the hair cutting chair . 
Brandon loved it when the barber pumped his chair way up high and he could see himself in the large mirror in front of him . 
The barber asked Brandon how he would like his hair cut and mommy told him just how they like it . 
Then he wrapped a big cape around Brandon to protect him from hair clippings . 
Once his hair was towel dried and combed well . 
Snip , snip , snip , went the scissors . 
Brandon held very still . 
The barbers chair is a place even for little boys to be still and Brandon knew that . 
He watched as his hair fell to the floor . 
Soon the barber spun him around in the chair and Brandon saw his new hair cut . 
It was smooth and neat . 
After another comb through and a few more snips of the scissors he was all done . 
Off came the cape . 
Brandons mommy paid the barber and tipped him for a job well done . 
Brandon was glad for his hair cut . 
I usually get a haircut every few months to maintain . 
I choose a day where I have time to relax and will reserve an appointment at my favorite salon and with my favorite stylist to get my haircut . 
I arrive at my salon and was greeted nicely . 
I hang my jacket in their closet . 
I start my getting a hair wash . 
I sit and relax as they massage and wash my hair with very fragrant shampoos and conditioners . 
After the hair wash I go sit in the chair of my favorite stylist . 
He greets me with a smile and asks me what kind of haircut would I like this time and I had said just a trim . 
He blows my hair dry first and cuts my hair nicely as always and then ends it by styling it with some hair product . 
I pay the cashier and tip my stylist well . 
I leave the salon with nice salon hair . 
My hair was really long and I needed to get it cut . 
My mom called the hair salon and made an appointment for me . 
We went into the salon and the receptionist asked us for our name . 
We told her what it was and she marked our names off in her book . 
A lady came and took me to an area where there were some really deep sinks . 
She told me to lie back with my neck on the edge of the sink and my hair falling into the sink . 
She washed my hair with warm water and some nice smelling shampoo . 
She put a towel on my hair to dry it and took me to a special chair . 
The chair had a foot pump that the lady used to raise the chair way up in the air . 
When it was up high enough for me to look into the mirror , she put a cape around my shoulders and began combing out my hair . 
She took out some scissors and used them to cut my hair into a nice style . 
I was very surprised to find that it did not hurt one bit ! 
She dried my hair with the blow dryer and then it was finished . 
I was very happy with my new look . 
When I was riding my bike last week I must have ran over something sharp , because when I got home I noticed that the front tire was flat . 
This was annoying especially since I did n't have the equipment to fix it . 
So later that day I drove over to the local sports store and bought a new tire inner tube and an air pump . 
When I got home I took out the old punctured inner tube from the tire and replaced it with the new once . 
I then unscrewed the air cap on the tire and attached the air pump . 
I began pumping air into the tire , it took about 30 pumps before it was fully filled up with air . 
I then got on the bike and tested it to see how it would hold up . 
It felt good as new . 
I rode around happy that it was fixed , and also happy that I now had the equipment to fix it again if it went flat in the future . 
The other day my dad was riding his bike and started having trouble steering . 
He rode the bike back home and then took it into the back yard to have a look at it . 
He noticed that the front tire was flat and was n't keeping air in it . 
He took it off the bike . 
First he pumped it up and tried to see if the tire would hold air . 
It would not . 
Then he rubbed liquid dish detergent on the tire and pumped it up and looked for where it bubbled to see where the hole was . 
Once he found the hole , he decided if it needed a patch or a plug . 
It was a small round hole so he decided to put a plug in it . 
He got the packages of plugs and found one that was the right size . 
He followed the instructs on the package to insert the plug into the hole and secure it . 
He pumped the tire back up and it held air . 
He put the tire back on the bike . 
One day when I was riding my bicycle , and I realized my back tire was getting low . 
I walked the bicycle back home and pulled out my patch kit . 
After removing my back tire from the bicycle I let the remaining air out from the valve , and used the small tool on the edge of the tire , to lift the tire away and clicked the tool onto one of the spokes . 
Using more of the tools , I continued to lift the tire away from the rim until I could easily remove the rest of the tire with my fingers . 
By this time , the inner tube was exposed , and pushing the valve through , I removed the tube completely from the tire . 
I put the tube into a bucket of water , and used the air pump to pump air back into the tube , and watched for bubbles to see where the hole was . 
I kept a close eye on where the hole was , and taking the tube out of the bucket , I dried the tube with a towel . 
I used the small sandpaper from the kit , and carefully roughed the area around the hole . 
I then chose a patch . 
A round one for a puncture , or the rectangle for a slice . 
I placed glue on the patch , and firmly placed it on the tube . 
I was very careful , because last time I got glue on my fingers , and my fingers felt funny for days ! 
I went for some lemonade while I waited for the patch to dry . 
Boy , that lemonade was good on such a hot day . 
I tried pumping some air back in the tube , and carefully watched around the patch , to make sure no air was leaking . 
I was in luck , the patch was good . 
I carefully replaced the tube into the tire , and used the small tools to replace the tire into the rim and used the air pump to fill it back up . 
Now I was ready for more adventures ! 
Last summer , I was riding my bike and I must have ran over something sharp because my tire started going flat . 
I tried to use a repair kit , but the hole was too big and the patch would not stay on the old tube . 
It turns out that I ran over a screw and it had been lodged through the tire and into the tube . 
I knew that I had a twenty six inch wheel , so I went up to the local hardware store . 
They had a new tube and I bought a new tire , just in case there were any other problems . 
I followed the instructions and I took the old tire off . 
The somehow got the new tube and tire onto the wheel , but it was kind of a pain to do . 
I finally got it on and all that I had to do was put in some air . 
I plugged in my air compressor but it would not turn on for some reason . 
I found an old tire pump buried in my garage and I was finally able to put air into the tires . 
In the future , I am going to be more careful to avoid sharp exits because repairing the flat tire was a pain . 
I was riding my bike home when I noticed that it had a flat tire . 
Lucky for me there was a hardware store near by . 
I walked in and purchased a patch kit . 
It was only a few dollars . 
They loaned me a chanellock to get the tire off . 
It came off easy and I pulled the tire off the rim . 
It had a nail hole so I took the wire scrubber in the repair kit and scruffed up the rubber . 
I applied the risen and stuck on the patch , and I held thumb pressure on it for a few minutes . 
I started putting the tire back on the rim , which was easy I got it back on the bike . 
Lucky for me the hardware store had a portable tire air filler and I was able to fill the tire . 
I thanked them and finished my ride home and the tire did great . 
Today I wanted to take a ride on my bicycle but could n't because it had a flat tire . 
So I loaded my bicycle up into my car and took it to the bike shop to be repaired . 
The man that worked at the shop put my bicycle upside down on a rack that held it in place . 
He removed the tire from the rim . 
The rim is the silver part that makes the tire go around . 
He then removed a rubber tube from inside the tire and replaced it with a new tube . 
Next the man put the tire back onto my bike . 
He then took my bike down off of the rack and added air to the tire to pump it up . 
He had me sit on the bike to make sure the correct amount of air was in the tire . 
It was perfect and I was ready to ride ! 
Yesterday , my bike tire popped while I was riding it . 
I had to walk 45 min home to get it fixed . 
I had tried riding it with a flat tire , but the bike dragged on the cement and I did n't have the man power to turn the wheels . 
When , I got home I asked my father for help . 
We inflated the tire a little with a mechanical pump . 
You grab the pump with two hands , pull the lever up and then push down with your whole body weight . 
We put the tire underwater to find where bubbles were coming out to find the hole . 
After we found the hole , we dried the tire and sprayed a rubber sealant to the tire to seal the hole . 
Afterwards , we inflated the tire . 
Then , I got on it to see if it worked . 
After a day or so , I rode it again to make sure the tire was n't deflating . 
Every two months or so I go and get my hair trimmed . 
It 's always the same thing . 
I wash it before I leave the house , which is funny because I also pay to have it washed at the salon . 
I just do n't want to show up with dirty hair ! 
Once there , my regular girl Betty takes me back and washes it , then directs me to her station where I sit in a raised chair . 
She snips and buzzes and cuts quickly , she knows exactly how I like my hair cut . 
While she does all that , I 'm huddled under a protective cape , and I like to just chat with her about everything that comes to mind . 
We gossip about the local people , I share my upcoming travels , she fills me in on her kid 's latest happenings . 
Then before I know it , I 'm all trimmed up and she 's got the hair dryer and round brush out making it look beautiful . 
I can never copy what she does at home , so I just let myself enjoy it while I can ! 
After that I pay , and always come back to slip her a cash tip and tell her I 'll see her in two months . 
Yesterday I visited my hairdresser for a haircut . 
I went to the salon and asked for a haircut with a wash . 
The receptionist said it would be a 15 minute . 
I said that would be fine , and sat down . 
On the table in front of me were a selection of magazines . 
I picked '' `` People '' '' and browsed through it as I waited . 
Soon , the hairdresser called my name and I sat down in the chair . 
She asked me how I 'd like my hair cut . 
I told her I wanted a trim with some layers . 
She asked me if I wanted a wash . 
I said yes . 
She took me first to get my hair washed . 
She waited until the water was warm , then started spraying my hair . 
Once it was soaked , she lathered my hair first with shampoo , then with conditioner . 
After that , she rinsed my hair off and put a towel over my head . 
Back in the chair , she soaked up the extra water from my hair with the towel . 
Then she began to style my hair . 
After about half an hour , my haircut was done . 
I took a look in the mirror and told my hair stylist she did a good job . 
Then I tipped her and paid my bill . 
Finally , I left the salon . 
I made sure to look up the train schedule in advance to make sure I knew which train I needed to check . 
Then , I went a day early to purchase my tickets to made sure I had them , since this was not a trip I made every day . 
On the day of my trip , I checked the schedule to make sure there were no delays or cancellations . 
I made sure to arrive at the train station at least 10 minutes early , with all my bags and luggage . 
I boarded the train and greeted the conductor and showed him my ticket . 
Then , I picked a spot that was open and sat down quietly . 
Since this train had many stops , I needed to be aware of when my stop was coming up so I would not miss it . 
As my stop approached , I pressed the stop request button and started to get up . 
Once the train stopped , I wished the conductor a nice day and got off the train . 
I had finished reading a very good book , and wanted to get a new one to read . 
I went to the library in my town . 
They have rows and rows of books , some are old , and some are very new . 
I wanted to get a new book that my favorite author had written not too long ago . 
I was hoping that they would have it , but it was possible it was on loan to another library patron . 
The books in our library are arranged by the author 's last name , so I went to the row of books that matches the authors name . 
I found a large section that had many of my favorite author 's books . 
I looked carefully for the book I was searching for , and was very excited that it was there on the shelf . 
I was very happy that it was not already checked out . 
I took the book off the shelf , and looked for a while more to see if there were any other books that I wanted to read . 
I found one more book that looked really interesting , so I took that one off the shelf as well . 
When I was done with my search , I brought my two books to the front desk . 
The librarian was there to help me check the books out . 
She said hello and asked for my library card . 
I handed that to her , and she took the cards out of the back of the books I wanted to check out . 
She made a stamp in the back of each book , letting me know what day the books were due back to the library . 
I said thank you to the librarian , and she handed me back my library card and the books . 
I could n't wait to get home and start reading . 
I love taking baths ! 
They are so relaxing after a long day . 
When I get home from work , often , the first thing I do is start to fill the bathtub . 
I set the water temperature to a nice warm setting . 
While the tub is filling , I will gather two fluffy towels and a face cloth . 
I also pour myself a glass of ice water to sip on while I 'm soaking . 
I go and grab the latest magazine that I 've been waiting to read and put it next to the tub . 
Once the tub is filled , I climb in . 
I start by washing my face and then my hair . 
After my hair is washed , I put a deep conditioner in my hair . 
Now , it 's time to relax . 
I let the conditioner sit while I read my magazine and sip some water . 
After 15 minutes , I rinse my hair out and then wash my body with soap . 
I rinse off and then give myself a few more minutes of soaking before I empty the tub . 
After I dry off , I rinse the tub out to make sure that I leave the tub clean and shiny for the next time I use it . 
I ride the bus to school everyday . 
I live in New York City so riding the bus is a common thing . 
Everyone does it because it is convenient . 
In our city , it is very packed , so driving is n't as convenient or affordable . 
Parking is expensive so public transportation saves us a lot of money . 
Every morning when I go to school , I wait by the bus stop . 
The morning bus comes every ten minutes . 
Once it arrives I board onto the bus and I insert my metro card . 
The metro card has a balance of money stored inside it . 
This money is subtracted from the balance every time I ride the bus and insert my metro card . 
Basically the metro card pays for the bus ride . 
When I run out of money , I go to a metro card machine and put more money into my balance . 
Riding the bus is annoying sometimes . 
In the morning , it is very crowded so sometimes there are n't enough seats for everybody . 
This means I have to stand while holding on to a pole . 
Sometimes its so crowded that I am sandwiched in between people . 
If I am lucky , sometimes there will be open seats . 
Otherwise , I have to stand for 40 minutes . 
I decided to take a bath yesterday afternoon after working out . 
Once I got back home , I walked to my bathroom and first quickly scrubbed the bathroom tub by turning on the water and rinsing it clean with a rag . 
. 
After I finished , I plugged the tub and began filling it with warm water set at about 98 degrees . 
While waiting for the tub to fill up , I undressed and closed the bathroom door . 
About 5 minutes later , the tub was filled up and I shut off the water . 
I briefly tested the water with my elbow and then stepped into the tub to lay down . 
For about 25 minutes , I lay in the tub and relaxed by closing my eyes . 
I had also took the time to read pages of a book I had brought with me . 
Once my body was totally relaxed , I took a quick shower to rinse myself off and then drained the tub . 
Next , I dried myself off with a towel and put my clothes back on . 
It was a great relaxing experience after exercising in the cold winter day . 
The other day I decided not to drive into the city like I usually do , but to take the bus instead . 
Even though it is a ten minute walk from my house to the bus stop , it is still much more relaxing to travel by public bus instead of getting stressed driving in traffic in the city . 
I walked in the sunshine to the bus stop where lots of other people were already waiting for the bus , some of them were reading the bus timetable attached to the covered bus stop . 
There was no space on the bench so I just stood in line and waited until I saw the big red double decker bus turn the corner and head towards us . 
When the driver pulled up at the curb , people started to board the bus , it took a while as each of them had to stop to pay the driver before finding a seat but eventually it was my turn to get on board . 
I told the driver where I wanted to get off the bus and that I needed a return fare as I wanted to come home later . 
I found the correct change to hand to the driver and he punched some buttons on a machine at the side of the steering wheel . 
The machine printed a ticket which he gave to me and said I would have to keep safe to hand in on the return bus journey . 
I decided to sit upstairs as the view of the countryside is always better from higher up , and climbed the little spiral staircase up to the top deck where I found an empty seat . 
The journey was noisy , lots of people were talking and laughing and it took a lot longer than if I was driving as the bus stopped in various villages along the way . 
By the time I got to the city and left the bus , I was relaxed and happy and looking forward to doing some shopping . 
Flying in an airplane is necessary to travel to far away destinations that are not easily accessible by other modes of transportation . 
Last summer , I had a girls trip to the Carribean . 
We had to plan our trip including booking airplane tickets and booking hotels . 
We booked our airplane tickets online a few months before to get the best fare . 
We arrive at the airport a few hours beforehand for an international flight . 
We all pack lightly with one piece of luggage . 
After waiting at the airport for a while , we boarded our plane . 
The flight attendants and crew are friendly . 
We find out seats and try to as comfortable in the cramped seating of a packed flight full of passengers . 
We try to relax , buckle up for a four hour flight . 
During the four hour flight , we can sleep on watch tv or listen to music . 
And the crew will come around with drinks and snacks . 
After a necessary flight , we arrive at our destination safely . 
I arrived at the airport with my luggage , identification , boarding pass , and some spare cash . 
I went up to the front desk and asked if my flight was currently on time , and it was . 
I waited in the lobby for a few minutes until they announced that the plane was now boarding for my flight to California . 
I got up with my luggage and belongings and walked towards the terminal . 
A worker scanned my boarding pass with a special scanner , and I then took off my shoes and set them in a bin that a worker handed me , along with my carry-on luggage . 
I set my big suitcase onto a cart where it would be taken onto the plane as cargo . 
I walked through a body scanner manned by security guards and passed through it without a problem . 
Then , I got my carry-on luggage and shoes back and put them on . 
I walked through a tunnel onto the airplane and sat down . 
I listened to the instructions that were said over a speaker and the plane took off after a long wait . 
Then , I listened to music on my smartphone and fell asleep for the full four hour flight . 
When I woke up , the plane was landing and I looked out my window and saw California . 
We had made it safely to our destination . 
One day , a friend and I decided to bake a cake . 
We first looked up ingredients online to make the type of cake we wanted . 
Then we went to the supermarket and bought all of them . 
After bringing all of our ingredients home , we followed the recipe instructions closely to ensure we were not doing anything wrong . 
We put our ingredients together to make sure they were at the right temperature , preheated the oven , and pulled out the proper utensils . 
We then prepared the batter using eggs and some other materials we purchased and then poured them into a pan . 
We then put the pan in the oven and baked it according to the instructions . 
After baking the cake in the oven for the time the recipe told us too , we then double checked to make sure it was done by pushing a knife into the center . 
We saw some crumbs sticking to the knife when we pulled it out so we knew it was ready to eat ! 
This year for vacation , we decide we wanted to to Ireland . 
Well never having flown in a plane the thought of flying was a bit frightening . 
We scheduled are vacation and our nerves were getting the best of us all since this new to our family . 
The day arrived that we were to leave , we arrived early since we did n't know how long it would take to get through all the checkpoint i the airport . 
We checked our bags and got through security and anxiously waited to board our plane . 
The kids we are anxious to get aboard and see what it was like , I , however was trying to convince myself this was going to be a fun experience . 
We finally got to board the plane , we were directed to our seats by the stewardess and we all sat down and got ready for take-off . 
The plane engines started to roar and we taxied down the runway , the plane went faster and faster , looking out the window we could see the ground dropping farther and farther away as the plane rose into the air . 
Once we wereup in the air we realized there was not much to be frighten for and the excitement set in to see a new country , We were on our way to Ireland ! 
I decided to bake a special cake for my mother 's birthday . 
I gathered ingredients from my pantry that I had purchased earlier in the week . 
I turned on the oven to let it preheat before starting to combine ingredients . 
I took out a huge metal bowl from the cabinet , along with a wooden spoon and mixer to help mix the ingredients . 
I put eggs , flour , sugar , cocoa powder , and butter into the metal bowl and mixed it with the electric mixer . 
Then , I took out a food processor from the cabinet along with a carton of raspberries from the fridge . 
I dumped all of the raspberries into the food processor along with a few spoonfuls of water and then turned it on . 
I watched the raspberries become a smooth liquid . 
I poured the liquid into the big bowl with the rest of the ingredients . 
I took out a square pan and greased it with the butter wrapper , and then put a light dusting of flour on the pan . 
Next , I poured the cake batter in the square pan and it was just enough . 
I put the pan into the oven and after about an hour , the cake was finished baking perfectly . 
I turned the oven off , and waited for the cake to cool for a few minutes . 
Then , I spread a jar of chocolate icing around the cake while it was still in the pan . 
I put it into the fridge and waited for my mother to get home . 
My best friend was having a birthday party in a few days , so I wanted to make her cake that everyone would love . 
I looked through my book of recipes and found a recipe for chocolate cake that looked delicious . 
The recipe had a list of ingredients and steps for making the cake . 
I read the whole thing to make sure I did n't have to go to the store to buy any of the food or cooking supplies needed to make the cake . 
It said I needed a big bowl , a mixer , a spatula , measuring cups , a pot , and a baking dish . 
I took each of these out of my cabinets and placed them on the table so they were ready to use . 
Then it said I needed two eggs , flour , sugar , milk , chocolate , and frosting . 
I took these out of my cabinets and refrigerator so that they were ready as well . 
Once I was sure I had everything I needed , I started reading the instructions again , one by one . 
On the first step , I had to preheat the oven by turning it to the right temperature early so that it is warm enough to bake when I am ready to put the batter inside . 
Then I had to start making the batter . 
First I cracked the eggs into the big bowl and threw away the shells . 
Then I used my measuring cups to very carefully scoop the exact amount of flour the recipe asked for and poured it in the bowl . 
Next I measured and poured the sugar and milk the same way . 
I put the mixer into the bowl and turned it on for a minute . 
When I turned it off again , I could no longer see each ingredient , and the batter looked like sticky goop instead . 
The recipe then said to melt the chocolate on the stove in the pot . 
I put the chocolate in the pot on the stove , turned it on , and watched it turn from solid to liquid . 
Then I poured it into the big bowl and mixed it up again . 
Once I had my chocolate batter , I gently poured it into my baking dish and was ready to put it into the oven . 
I put on oven mitts to protect my hands from the heat and carefully put the dish into the oven . 
Following the recipe 's instructions , I set the oven timer for an hour and waited for it to bake . 
Once I heard the timer chime , I put on the oven mitts again and took the cake out to cool . 
I turned the oven off and waited for the cake to cool down . 
The batter was now soft and firm instead of goop . 
Once it was cool , I put it on a plate and spread the frosting all over it with my spatula . 
Finally , the cake was done . 
It smelled delicious ! 
Yesterday I went to Market Basket , a local food store , to do my grocery shopping . 
I made a list of what I needed before I left home . 
When I got to the store , I grabbed a shopping cart and started cruising the aisles of the store . 
I use a budget when I shop so I add the prices of items in my head as I shop . 
I picked out the things on my list : milk , butter , bread , tuna fish , dog food , rice , maple syrup and paper cups . 
After I finished making all my selections , I pushed my cart to the checkout line . 
When it was my turn , I unloaded all of my groceries onto the conveyor belt so that the cashier could ring them up . 
A bagger gently put my items in paper bags . 
The cashier gave me the total of my order and I paid her . 
I thanked both her and the bagger for doing an excellent job . 
I pushed the cart to my car and unloaded the groceries . 
I put my cart back into the cart holder that was located in the parking lot . 
Once I got home , I brought the groceries in and put them away . 
It 's nice to have the house restocked with food just in time for the weekend . 
It is Saturday morning and my mother wakes me early . 
Every Saturday morning is grocery day . 
My mother likes to shop by the week . 
The store is huge . 
As we walk in we get a shopping cart and start down the 1st aisle . 
Fruits and vegetables all stacked neatly in shelves . 
Potatoes in bags stacked next to the onions . 
Grapes in big bunches . 
This is my favorite aisle . 
I love the colors and the shapes . 
Here you can find some stuff I have never seen before . 
Star fruit , miniature bananas and blood oranges . 
We spend most of our time here . 
We are vegetarians so we do not go to the meat counter or the dairy aisle . 
We do go to the cereal aisle and I beg my mother every week for a different cereal treat . 
Sometimes she says yes and others no . 
But this week is yes and Frosted Flakes get tossed in the cart with delight . 
I am so excited about this that I do not pay much attention to the rest of the trip . 
I help my mom bag the groceries and put the bags in the trunk of the car . 
When we get home it all unloaded and put away and then it is time for some Frosted Flake goodness . 
When I was a freshman in high school we each had the opportunity to buy an inexpensive tree as part of the Arbor Day holiday . 
Part of the proceeds for the purchase were going to plant more trees in town . 
The tree I had was some kind of evergreen tree and I planned to plant it in the front yard . 
I asked my Dad where it 'd be best to plant it and we picked a spot where there were some flowers , but no trees . 
In order to plant it I read the instructions that came with the tree and started by digging a hole that was about twice the size of the root ball of the tree . 
It was a small tree so this was not a big hole . 
I then tried to make the hole a good shape before putting in some moss and fill dirt . 
I watered the tree that day and made sure to water it each day for about a week until we had a good rain . 
The tree grew and became quite large . 
The one thing I did n't realize is that I should have planned better for how big the tree was going to get because it ended up shadowing over the flower planters a bit . 
The last time I went grocery shopping , I had a list of things I needed to buy . 
My teenage son needed ingredients for yakisoba for a potluck dinner that his Japanese class at school was having . 
For this I needed refrigerated yakisoba noodles , green onions , and chicken . 
We were also out of eggs , bread , and few other things . 
My list was written on a post-it note stuck to my refrigerator . 
I took the note , got my purse , and drove to the store . 
The store is only about 5 minutes away but it was raining , so I did n't want to walk . 
I got a small cart because I was n't buying very many things . 
Just inside the entrance to the store is the bread section , so I got that first . 
Then I bought some chicken breasts , got a package of 18 eggs , and went to find where the yakisoba noodles are kept . 
I had n't bought them from that store before . 
I had to walk around a little bit , but I finally found them and got two packages . 
Then I walked to the self-checkout area , swiped my grocery store card so that I would get any member discounts , and checked out and bagged my groceries . 
I paid with an ATM card and carried the groceries out to the car . 
I put them on the passenger seat in front . 
Then I drove home . 
It was my sisters birthday recently and she wanted to have a cake , of course . 
She likes chocolate , so she chose a chocolate cake . 
We always bake our own cakes rather than purchasing them , so I knew we needed to find a tried and true recipe . 
We found the recipe from a blog and made a list of the ingredients that we did not already have . 
We had to do a trip to the grocery store to pick up a few items that are essential to baking a chocolate cake , one of which is baker 's chocolate . 
Once we got home from the store , we followed the instructions included in the recipe . 
We started like always ; by pre-heating the oven to the correct temperature . 
Next , we began to make the cake . 
First , we make sure dry ingredients are mixed well and then we moved on to the wet ingredients . 
This is so important for the distribution of things like the baking soda . 
It 's what makes a cake a cake . 
When the cake batter was ready and the oven was hot , we poured the batter into a pan and slipped the pan in the oven . 
The timer was set for the correct amount of time given by the recipe , and then we just waited . 
Once the cake was done we took it out of the oven and set it up to cool before we put on the icing . 
The cake turned out beautiful and my sister had a very happy birthday . 
I like to go grocery shopping and went yesterday . 
The first thing I did when I arrived was park closest the exit I knew I 'd be using after I 'm finished . 
Then I went inside and chose a shopping cart . 
Next , I used the wipes the store provides at the entrance and wipe off the handle of the shopping cart , and my hands , so I know my hands will stay clean while I choose my food . 
Then I took out the shopping list I wrote at home and I started . 
I always start with heavy things like cans and boxes so I can put them in the bottom of my cart . 
Then I went to the cold and frozen foods and put them into my cart next . 
After that , I chose meat and fresh produce as well as things like bread , eggs and chips which need to stay on top of the other food so they wo n't get crushed . 
When I had everything I needed , I went to the check out line that seemed the fastest and shortest . 
Then I unloaded my groceries onto the counter so the check out clerk could add the costs . 
I was sure to keep my cold foods together so the clerk would pack them together in bags and keep them cold . 
I gave her my own cloth bags because it helps the environment by not using paper or plastic . 
Once my groceries were all packed neatly into my cart , I took them to my car , loaded them into my trunk and then put the empty cart into the cart area . 
Planting a tree was one of the most difficult but memorable experiences of my life . 
When I decided I wanted to plant a tree I knew absolutely nothing about it , so my first step was to do some research . 
As it turns out , while it is possible to plant a tree from a seed , trees are most commonly planted in the for of saplings : small baby trees that come in pots . 
So I went to the Home Depot and picked a tree . 
I decided on an avocado tree because I love the buttery goodness of its fruit . 
I carefully packed the tree into my car and took it home , where I brought it into my backyard and dug a hole for it . 
After I dug the hole , I took the sapling out of the pot and placed it into the hole . 
Finally I filled up the excess space with leftover dirt and gave the tree a water in its new home . 
Lucy is very fond of food . 
She loves to make cakes . 
Today she wants to bake a cake . 
She brought cake flour , sugar and cream from the supermarket . 
She is standing at the kitchen and ready to start . 
She pour three cups of flour into a large bowl . 
In another bowl , she separate the egg white and yolk from four eggs . 
She use Kitchen Aid to beat the egg white until soft peaks form and she can lift up the whip . 
She adds one cup of oil , half cup of sugar , egg yolk into the flour and mixed together , then she adds the egg white and mixes all together until it is well mixed . 
She pour the mixture into a cake baking pan and put it into the oven . 
It is set at 350 degree . 
After around 30 minutes , the cake is ready . 
It is very nice . 
She then use the cream to decorate the cake . 
I prefer showers but sometimes you just need to take a bath . 
Showers are good for when you are really dirty and need to get cleaned fast but baths are more leisurely and relaxing . 
First I go in the bathroom and put a stopper in the bathtub to stop the water from running out . 
Then I start the water to fill up the tub . 
I also make sure it is just right , not too hot or cold . 
Then I get my face cloth and a great big bar of soap . 
If I feel playful I will grab a couple water toys to play with . 
Then I slip -LRB- off my clothes and slip into the tub . 
I fill the tub really high so only my head sticks out above the water . 
I like the hot water all over me . 
I will spend an hour soaking in the tub . 
I will sit there till my fingers get all shrivelled and pruney . 
Then I use my toes to take out the stopper and sit there till the water all drains away . 
I had a long day at work . 
I worked very hard and carried many boxes in the hot weather . 
My muscles were sore and I thought a hot bath was just what I needed ! 
I got home and lit a few candles . 
I turned on the hot water , closed the drain in the bathtub and put some bubble bath in there . 
As the water rose and the bubbles grew , I got out my bath pillow and stuck the suction cups to the back of the tub . 
It floated on the water . 
I also got my favorite book . 
I turned the water off in the tub , put one foot in at a time , then sank into the hot water and bubbles . 
I washed my face and laid back . 
I read my book by candlelight and felt my aches melt away into the hot water . 
When I was ready to get out of the tub , I opened the drain to let all the water run out . 
I felt a million times better ! 
Yesterday I rode a public bus to go to work . 
I woke up early because the bus is very very very unreliable . 
I packed the items that I needed for the day in my backpack . 
I double checked to make sure I had everything , including my one dollar and twenty five cents bus fare . 
I walked out the door and started heading in the direction of the bus stop . 
I walked to the bus stop as quickly as I could and then waited for the bus . 
I waited about ten and a half minutes before the bus came . 
When the bus arrived I got on and paid my fare , and sat down . 
During the bus ride I listened to music to avoid hearing the loud noise of the bus motor and the other noises caused by the large number of people around me . 
Finally when I arrived at the destination I got off . 
I was sitting at home thinking about a particular book that I had been wanting to read so I decided to get in my car and drive to the library . 
After I parked my car in the parking lot I got out of my car and entered the library . 
Once inside the library I went up the stairs of the library to the second floor . 
Once I got to the second floor I browsed around the aisles until I found the book that I was looking for . 
Once I got the book I went back down the stairs I went to the check-out counter and gave the librarian my library card . 
I told the librarian thank you after she checked out my book . 
She handed me the book and a receipt and told me you 're welcome . 
I left the library and got into my car and drove home were I began reading the book I 'd been wanting to read . 
Last winter , my husband and I took the train to Chicago . 
Before the train trip , we had to check the train schedule to find out what choices we had about when we could leave . 
We found the train schedule on the World Wide Web . 
After we learned that there were two trains a day , we decided to take the morning train departing at 9:05 a.m. . 
We purchased our tickets by paying with a credit card using the Amtrak web site . 
After we paid for our tickets , they were emailed to us , and then we printed them . 
On the day of our trip , we drove our car to the train station , which is about 10 miles away from our house . 
We parked at the station , and because it 's a little train station instead of a big city , we did n't have to pay for parking . 
We took our suitcases and went to the platform , where other people were waiting . 
Eventually -LRB- a little late -RRB- , the train pulled in . 
There were already passengers on the train from other stops . 
We boarded the train and found two seats near each other . 
Throughout the train trip , we chatted with each other , and we also talked to one of the other passengers , who was confused about the train backing up . 
We explained to him that sometimes they have to do that at the stations , and it was nothing to be concerned about . 
The train pulled into the station at Chicago about 20 minutes late , which is very typical in Chicago . 
We got off the train and were happy to stretch our legs . 
Recently , I traveled to Southern California to visit a friend of mine . 
It was suggested to me to take the train down south as it is cheaper than driving and flying . 
I looked up the available routes and price on the internet and found a ticket for a fairly cheap price . 
I purchased it and was very excited at how much money I was saving . 
I packed my iPad and made sure all of my electronic items were charged and drove to the train station . 
I waited about 30 minutes for the train and carefully boarded it . 
I stepped on the to the train that was n't very crowded and found a comfortable window seat next to an old man . 
I stared out the window and read a book on my iPad for most of the trip . 
It was a very pleasant ride . 
When we arrived at the destination , I got off of the train and called my friend to pick me up . 
It was a fun ride . 
It is time for me to get my haircut . 
I call my hairdresser and make an appointment . 
She says she can see me today at 3:00 pm . 
I leave the house at 2:30 in order to get there in time . 
When I arrive I check in and sit down in the waiting area . 
My hairdresser calls me back . 
She first takes me to the shampoo bowl to wash my hair . 
I sit down and she puts a plastic cape around my neck to protect my clothes . 
She leans the seat back and places my head over the shampoo bowl . 
She wets my hair and then lathers it with soap . 
Then she rinses the soap out and puts in conditioner . 
She rinses the conditioner out and then wraps a towel around my head . 
She leans my seat back up and dries my hair with the towel . 
She then leads me to her barber chair to sit . 
She combs my hair and begins cutting . 
She cuts the top , sides and back . 
I keep my head very still while she does this . 
After she is through cutting my hair she dries it with a blow-dryer . 
The she removes the plastic cape from around my neck and uses a soft brush to brush any look hair from my neck and face . 
Next we go to the cash register and I pay her for my haircut plus a tip . 
The other day I decided to take my bike out on the local scenic bike trail . 
A few miles into my ride , I was trying to dodge a runner that was n't paying attention and I ended up running over a piece of debris in the trail . 
I started noticing that it was getting harder to pedal my bike , so I stopped to evaluate the situation . 
Once I looked at the tire , I realized it was flat and that I needed to repair it . 
Thankfully , I kept tire repair supplies in my bag for situations just like this ! 
I placed a temporary patch on the tire and used my portable pump to inflate it again . 
I set off to ride again , and the same thing happened . 
I had to temporarily repair the tire three more times just to make it back to my car . 
Once I made it home , I removed the tire and placed a new one on . 
That 's how I repaired my flat bicycle tire . 
I got my Yeti 575 enduro bike out and had made some minor adjustments to the tuning . 
One other adjustment I made was to put some road tires on it so I could ride Capital Circle road of Tallahassee south to the major bike trail . 
As I made my way through traffic in the bike lane the wind blew on my face and the sun warmed my skin . 
I was in a great mood . 
Then all of a sudden the mood was dampened and corrupted by that horrible noise of leaking air . 
I had hit some road debree that caused a flat tire . 
After cursing the event and going through a small tantrum I consulted the tools of my backpack which I always brought with me . 
I took the tire off , removed the tube , isolated the puncture , and then applied the patch . 
I reassembled the tube and tire , pumped it up with my small hand pump , and made my way back home . 
I noticed my bicycle tire was flat this morning when I pulled it out of the garage to go on a ride . 
I took the bike back into the garage and laid it on it 's side . 
I thoroughly checked the tire to see what had caused it to go flat . 
I saw no nails , holes or tears in the tire so I assumed that the tire had simply lost air and needed to be refilled . 
After then I went into my tool chest until I found my manual air pump . 
I took the pump back to where I my bicycle was . 
I removed the cap on the tires stem and carefully set it aside . 
I then inserted the pump needle into the stem and made sure it fit . 
I then placed the pump flat on the ground and began pumping air into the tire , all the while monitoring the pressure gauge . 
When I saw that the tire was properly inflated I removed the pump from the tire . 
I put the stem cap back onto the tire and went out for a ride to make sure the tire was ok . 
I noticed it was getting warmer out and it would be a nice time to exercise so I took my bicycle out to see if it needed any maintenance . 
At first everything looked good and I was ready to ride but then I noticed that the front tire was a little flat . 
I had some tools in my garage so I picked up the bike and placed it on my workbench . 
First I removed the wheel and checked as best I could to make sure there were no tears or other types of damage . 
There was just a very small tear so I got out the patching kit that I 'd purchased from the sports store last summer . 
I cleaned the area around the tear and applied the patch . 
After waiting for a while , I put the tire back on my bike and re-inflated the tire . 
The patch held and I was able to go for a bike ride that day . 
I was about to ride my bicycle to the park one day when I noticed that the front tire was flat . 
I realized I would have to repair it . 
I went into my garage to get some tools . 
The first thing I did was remove the tire by unscrewing the screws that were holding the wheel in place . 
Once that was done , I examined the wheel to see what the damage was . 
It turns out a nail must have punctured the tire . 
I took some glue and proceeded to glue a tube patch over the tiny hole . 
I continued to apply pressure to the tube patch . 
When that was done , I inflated the tire back to fullness . 
As I was inflating the tire , I made sure the patch stayed in place . 
I then reattached the wheel back on the bicycle and it was good to go . 
I happily took my bike out to the park as I had initially wanted to . 
Yesterday , I woke up and realized how gorgeous of a day it was so I decided to eat my breakfast and then go outside for a nice bike ride with some friends at the park . 
When I went into the garage to grab my bicycle I noticed that the tire had gone flat and I would need to repair it if I wanted to go for a ride with my friends . 
I called my friend Joey up and asked if he could give me a half hour to replace the tire . 
Joey said that was fine so I went and got some tools and a spare tire to replace the flat one with . 
I took the old tire off and tightly put the new one on . 
To make sure that everything was in place I took it for a test ride around the block before calling my friend Joey back and letting him know that I was now ready for a ride . 
After that I went on the bike ride and everything went perfectly . 
I went out to my garage to get my bike to go on a ride . 
When I saw my bike I realized that one of the tires were flat . 
I needed to buy a new tube in order to fix the flat . 
I drove to the local bike shop and purchased a tube that would fit my bike 's tire and then I drove back home . 
I took the tube out of the packaging and read the instructions on how to put it on the bike . 
I removed the tire from the bike and took out the old tube that was punctured . 
I then inserted the new tube onto the tire . 
I put the tire back on the bike and pumped up the tube with air until it was filled to the desired fill weight . 
I got on the bike to test it and it was in great shape . 
Then I took off on my bike ride . 
I was riding in the bike lane going to work when I felt my tire pop and give out on me . 
I quickly pulled over to the side walk and got off my bike to take a good look at it . 
A rock was embedded into my tire tube . 
I pried the rock out with my fingers and got my patch kit from my backpack . 
I made sure there was no other debris in the tire and then applied the glue . 
I stuck the patch onto the glue and made sure it was a nice fit and held well . 
After that i pumped my tire back up with air and checked to make sure it would hold up to the rigors of the road . 
After that I hopped back on my bike and slowly rode to work careful of anymore rocks . 
I got to work on time . 
This is why i always carry around my repair kit . 
Last week , I went to Supercuts for a haircut . 
There were only two people in the waiting area , so I assumed that I would n't have to wait long . 
However , Supercuts has an option where you can phone in ahead of your arrival and get on the waiting list and apparently several people had done this . 
After about an hour and a half , I was called back . 
I sat in a chair and the girl asked me how I wanted my hair cut . 
I told her that I wanted it cut behind my ears and about two inches off the length all over . 
She covered me with a plastic sheet up to my neck , took a spray bottle and wet my hair down , combed it through , and began cutting . 
She started by trimming around my ears so that they were exposed . 
Next , she took her comb and grabbed a hand full of hair on the top of my head . 
She combed it straight up with one hand while following the comb with my hair between two fingers of her other hand , stopping about two inches short of the ends . 
She took her scissors and snipped the top two inches of my hair and then grabbed an adjacent handful of hair and repeated this action . 
She did this until she had gone over my entire head . 
During all of this , we chatted about the weather , what kind of food we liked , and some other trivial , but interesting things . 
Finally , she combed my hair down into the style that I had when I sat down and asked me how it looked . '' 
`` Great ! '' '' 
, I replied . 
She removed the plastic sheet and brushed me off and we headed to the cash register . 
She rang me up on the register and I swiped my credit card , leaving a tip in the process . 
We each told the other to '' `` Have a good day '' '' and I headed out the door . 
Some people ride the train every day as part of their work commute , while others only have the opportunity to ride for vacation or pleasure . 
I spend quite a good amount of time researching routes and fares before I decide on the best options for me . 
One of the benefits of riding the train is a feeling of a connection to the past . 
I feel like I 'm partaking in a part of our shared history , something people have been doing for hundreds of years . 
I enjoy sitting by the window and watching the scenery race past . 
Making small talk with other passengers is also something I look forward to . 
An employee comes by to ensure that everyone has paid their fare . 
The soothing rocking motion of the train usually puts me to sleep and before I know it I wake up and it is time to disembark from the train . 
'' I love everything about libraries ; their quiet atmosphere , comfortable chairs , and rows and rows of books on every topic . 
I do n't have enough money to go out and buy books whenever I want , so I often go to the library to borrow books for free . 
Recently , I decided to go to the library and just browse until I found something interesting . 
I drove to the library and parked close to the door , since I expected to leave with an armful of heavy books . 
I walked inside and headed for the Fiction section . 
I ended up in the row for authors with last names starting with K , because I wanted to find Stephen King books . 
They ended up having a dozen books by Stephen King , and I selected three that I had never read before . 
Then I went over to Nonfiction to find a book on gardening , since I wanted to learn how to grow tomato plants . 
I picked up a gigantic , fantastically long book on how to grow common vegetables and walked over to the reception desk . 
I handed the librarian my card and she checked out my books . 
I gathered them up in my arms and walked back to my car , excited to be able to read them all once I got home . 
Yesterday I went to the library to see if they had the new Stephen King book . 
I thought it might be already checked out , or maybe they did n't have it yet , but I wanted to check before I spent the money on a hard-cover copy of the book . 
When I got to the library , I stopped inside the doors and looked around for a few seconds and just took in the sights ... the library is one of my favorite places . 
I went to the card catalog and looked up the book and , sure enough , the library had two copies . 
I went to the shelves that had the Stephen King books and , to my great surprise and pleasure , there was a librarian there re-shelving books and one of the books in her hand was the new Stephen King book . 
I asked her if I could have it and after she handed it to me I went straight to the check-out desk , paid a twenty-five cent fine I had from an overdue book several weeks before and checked the book out . 
I could n't wait to get home to read it . 
Yesterday I decided to take the bus to the zoo . 
I walked over to the bus stop and sat down on the bench while I waited for the bus to arrive . 
There was a map of all the bus routes at the stop , so I looked on there to make sure I knew which bus would take me to the zoo . 
I saw I needed bus number 12 . 
Sure enough , there came number 12 . 
As the bus pulled up to the stop , the driver opened the door to let passengers off . 
Once everyone who need off was off , I climbed up the stairs , smiled at the bus driver , and put my money in the slot . 
I took a seat and off we went . 
I watched all the buildings go by as the driver drove the bus towards the zoo . 
There were a couple of other stops before the zoo , and at each one people got off the bus and on the bus . 
Finally , we made it to the zoo . 
The driver opened up the door , and I climbed down out of the bus and off to my day at the zoo . 
Last night , I took a bath . 
I take baths when I have time to relax and soak in bubbles . 
Baths are important for good hygiene and self esteem . 
I always feel so much better when I am clean and smell like my favorite soap . 
I like to fill the tub up as full as I can and pick a shower gel or bubble bath to make lots and lots of bubbles . 
I just soak in the bubbles and enjoy the time to myself . 
Then I wash my hair with shampoo and conditioner . 
Next , I make sure to scrub everywhere from between my toes to behind my ears with soap . 
After that , I am ready to dry off and get into some clean clothes . 
If I do n't have time for a bath , I just take a shower . 
Showers are much faster ! 
No matter what I choose , I make sure to take a bath or a shower every day . 
This afternoon , I headed to my neighborhood supermarket to buy groceries . 
Luckily , the place was only a block away from my apartment and basically right next door to me . 
It was a bit chilly outside , so I put on a jacket and my shopping bag , then quickly wrote down a grocery items . 
I walked my way to the supermarket and then got a hold of a shopping basket . 
My first stop was the produce section , where I picked up some produce like bell peppers , onions , and garlic . 
Next , I headed to the dairy section , where I got a pack of Gouda cheese and a liter container of milk . 
My next stop was one of the supermarket 's middle aisles to get a box of pasta and tomato sauce . 
I had found everything I needed for the week , so I went over to the checkout counters . 
This was a bit of a wait , as the store was pretty packed with shoppers . 
Fortunately , I found a line that was relatively less crowded . 
A few minutes later , I placed my items onto the checkout aisle and had them scanned . 
The checkout clerk then ran up my total , after which I paid with my debit card and placed my groceries into my shopping bag . 
Once I was all set , I headed back to my apartment . 
Today , I decided to bake a cake . 
First , I preheated the oven to 350 degrees . 
Then , I gathered all the ingredients I would need . 
I needed eggs , flour , water , sugar , oil , salt , and baking power . 
I took a mixing bowl and cracked the eggs into the bowl . 
Then I measured out the water , followed by the oil . 
After that , I added the dry ingredients . 
Then I took a spoon and mixed everything together until it was smooth and there were no more lumps . 
That 's when the oven beeped to indicate that the oven had reached the correct temperature . 
I took out a pan and greased the bottom so that the cake would not stick to it . 
Then I poured the mixture from the bowl into the pan . 
Because the oven was ready , I put the pan on a rack in the center of the oven . 
Then I set the timer to 35 minutes . 
When the timer went off , I put on some oven mitts and took the cake out of the oven . 
Then I turned off the oven and let the cake cool . 
I needed to go grocery shopping . 
I drove to the grocery store and got the list from my purse . 
I walked into the front door and was greeted by the cashiers . 
I went to the buggy area and got a large grocery cart . 
I proceeded down the produce aisle , making items off my list as I added them to my shopping cart . 
I then went to the meat department and asked the butcher to package some cuts of meat for me . 
After that I went to the dairy department and picked up some eggs , milk and butter . 
I proceeded to the check out area and waited in line . 
I placed my items on the conveyor belt as the cashier scanned them . 
After all my items were scanned , the cashier gave my my total . 
I gave her exact cash and proceeded to my car to place the groceries into my trunk . 
